Allergy Relief Hot Steam Cleaning Service Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry provides proprietary mattress, upholstery, and carpet cleaning allergy relief services. These are possible using portable machines and state-of-the-art, superior truck-mounted steam vapour machines with 80°C hot steam that kills and removes allergens, viruses, dust mites, microscopic organisms, carpet beetles, bacteria, germs, and stains. The proprietary truck-mounted cleaner is seven times more potent than a vacuum; excess moisture, toxins, and contaminants are eliminated from the cleaning environment, making truck-mounted upholstery and carpet cleaning the fastest-growing and most talked-about cleaning method in the industry today, providing allergy relief to reduce allergic or asthmatic symptoms. As a result, it leaves your mattress, upholstery, and carpet much drier than most carpet or mattress cleaning service providers. 80°C Hot Steam Carpet, Upholstery and Mattress Cleaning Unclean upholstery can cause several concerns. A few of these discomforts include feeling bunged up, tired, and sneezy (itchy, red, stinging eyes are not an exception). You can probably feel your chest is tight, have asthmatic symptoms, and experience wheezing as you try to breathe. These are only a few discomforts caused by uncleaned mattresses and upholstery. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Mattress, Upholstery, and Carpet Cleaning Services use the hot steam extraction method known as steam cleaning. A water-based vacuum-extraction cleaning system is powerful and more effective than solvent-based methods. It combines heated steam from 75 to 84°C and a cleaning agent. This cleaning agent kills microscopic organisms such as bacteria, dust mites, and germs, dissolves dirt, and eliminates unpleasant odours. Allergen Control Treatment Pre-spraying your upholstery with a hydrogen peroxide-based sanitising booster before conducting 84°C hot steam extraction cleaning on your mattresses, beds, upholstery, and carpets can effectively eliminate allergens, viruses, dust mites, bacteria, germs, bed bugs, and other pathogens. After 15 minutes of waiting, the sanitiser disinfectant hydrogen peroxide sanitiser has eliminated almost all allergens and bacteria in your mattress, carpet, and upholstery – including coronavirus, MRSA, and Hepatitis B viruses. Our experts then perform Hot Steam Extraction cleaning to sanitise your beds for ultimate Allergy Relief. The truck-mounted cleaner, a 7x more powerful vacuum, leaves your mattress, upholstery, and carpet much drier. If the weather means you cannot ventilate the areas for fast drying, we can install drying equipment for speedier drying time. Airborne Allergy Relief The Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Mattress, Upholstery, and Carpet Cleaning Service team can provide allergy relief deep cleaning for bed mattresses, sofas, carpets, rugs, and upholstered furniture, extracting not just light airborne allergen particles but, of course, the root cause of the dirt. Our Truck-Mounted Hot Steam Clean Kills & Removes Allergens Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Mattress, Upholstery, and Carpet Cleaning Auckland Service use eco-friendly cleaning as the first step towards a healthy and happy home. There are almost always armies of dust mites and allergens in pet dander. It seems silly that we would use harsh, ill-smelling chemicals to clean our homes to be free of allergens. The symptoms from cleaning with chemical products rival most pollen, germs, dust mites, or hay fever reactions like watery eyes, coughing, running or blocked noses, and skin irritation, and that’s to name a few to help with allergy relief. Our Company use professional cleaning products and disinfectant sanitiser supplied by the market leaders. They’re safe for pets and children as well as impressively capable. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry proprietary truck-mounted equipment removes more soil, dirt, viruses, germs, and allergens in South Auckland, North Shore, East, West Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Remember to dust and vacuum weekly with a HEPA filter so the air’s allergen, dust mite, and germ levels stay low. Book a professional cleaning service with Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, the expert carpet cleaner in Auckland, to ensure that any allergens in your mattress bed, car, carpets, rugs, sofas, and upholstery are cleaned to help keep your home healthy from allergic or asthmatic symptoms . Hot Steam Cleaning Improves Allergy Symptoms Hot steam cleaning is an excellent way to kill off dust mites, allergens, and germs and remove pet dander from surfaces. Regularly using hot steam cleaners can keep many allergens at bay. For example, using a hot vapour steamer to clean mattresses, upholstery, carpets, and rugs can keep dust mite numbers for up to 2 months. The results of cleaning with a hot vapour steam cleaner will keep you getting allergy relief, easy breathing, fewer allergic reactions, and asthmatic symptoms with a healthier indoor living space. Read about Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Mattress, Upholstery and Carpet Cleaning Auckland Service articles on steam cleaning, allergies and dust-mite removal throughout Auckland. This can help you learn techniques and methods on what you can do to improve your air with steam cleaning. Why choose hot steam cleaning? Is there no other way? This is because hot vapour steam cleaning is a better solution to this problem. Dry vapour steam cleaning is accessible, eco-friendly, and, most of all, free of intolerable fumes and dangerous chemicals. It helps and makes it possible to make your home a much healthier place for your family and friends. It reduces, relieves, or even stops asthma and allergens sufferers. Therefore, if you have allergies caused by dust mites, pets, pollen, mould, or fungi, Auckland  Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services can help. Our premium truck-mounted cleaners feature a vacuum that is seven times more powerful, resulting in mattresses, beds, upholstery, and carpets that are much cleaner and drier. Dust Mite Hot Clean & Treatment Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry offers comprehensive carpet cleaning services that extend beyond carpets. Our expert team can effectively clean and eliminate dust and allergens from your beds, rugs, sofas, upholstery, and curtains. Moreover, we provide specialised treatments for allergy relief and asthma management, including a highly effective dust mite prevention that has proven exceptionally efficient in combating dust mites. Scientifically proven by Cambridge’s Medical Entomology Centre, it significantly reduces the dust mite population and keeps it low over time to mitigate allergic or asthmatic symptoms. Ideal Heat Temperature To Kill Dust Mites For Allergy Relief Dust mites like living in an indoor environment where temperatures are between 10°C and 30°C, and relative humidity is around 60% to 80%. Anything outside this range won’t necessarily kill dust mites and allergens. However, it will slow their breeding process. Setting the temperature inside your home or office not higher than 21°C is considered a normal and healthy human environment, but slightly below optimal for a house dust mite. If you can comfortably live a few degrees below this temperature, you’ll save money on heating costs and make life more difficult for dust mites. It works similarly to dust mite anti-allergy relief mattresses and pillow protector covers. Here’s how: After cleaning, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners spray the surface of your bed mattress, carpets, and fabrics with a safe-for-humans hydrogen peroxide allergen treatment that is not a pesticide. Therefore, it forms an invisible barrier shield around each fibre and stops our shed flakes of skin (their food) from reaching deep within the pile and fabric to reduce allergic or asthmatic symptoms. How To Control Dust Mites For Allergy Relief Sunlight Direct sunlight kills dust, mites and most germs. So, hanging your bedding in the sunshine when the sun’s out can help kill the germs. Humidity Dust mites die when the relative humidity falls below 40% to 50%. Use a good dehumidifier if the weather is rainy or humid. Hot Wash Wash bedding linens at least once a week in hot water — the water temperature should be 55 ° C or higher — to kill mites. Steam Clean Steam-cleaning carpets will considerably lessen the dust mite allergen populations and deter population growth for allergy relief. Scientific studies have shown an 87% drop in dust mites per gram after mattress upholstery and carpets were steam-cleaned. Steam ‘n’ Dry Mattress, Upholstery, and Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services use superior truck-mounted machines. These use 80°C hot steam, killing and removing allergens, viruses, bacteria, and germs. It also kills dust mites, microscopic organisms and carpet beetles. Steam cleaning promotes allergy relief, and more stains are removed, which reduces allergic or asthmatic symptoms. Hot Vapour Steam Vapour steam cleaning is like steam cleaning. However, a dripless hand tool makes it drier and cleaner, but the heat remains. Hot vapour steam kills allergens, fungus, dust mites, bacteria, and other undesirable allergy relief problems. Therefore, it is an excellent way to clean a newer, cleaner mattress. While vapours are less effective than steam cleaning, they leave the mattress drier. Vapour steam still profoundly penetrates whatever it is cleaning. It is excellent for upholstery, couches, carpets, and bed mattresses. Allergy Relief treatment Hydrogen peroxide is a safe and effective remedy for allergies. It reduces and treats the symptoms associated with hay fever, asthma, and allergies. Hydrogen peroxide sanitiser treatments are very safe and effective. Not only for allergens but also for bacteria, germs, biohazards, and moulds. The same active ingredients are rated for use in home sanitisation by credible organisations, such as: Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Food and Drug Administration (FDA) National Prevention Centre for Immunisation and Respiratory Diseases (CDC) Centre for Biocide Chemistries (CBC) It destroys and helps flush out the allergic irritating substances in the sinus cavities. Eventually, these would cause the buildup of nasal blockage pressure and a runny nose. Hydrogen peroxide also destroys all bacterial infections that are brought along by allergies. There are three main ways to use hydrogen peroxide sanitiser for allergy relief. 1. Firstly, it can be used as a nasal decongestant spray to help clear blocked sinuses. 2. Secondly, it works as an under-tongue spray to soothe the mouth and throat. 3. Lastly, it can be applied to carpets, mattresses, and upholstery to help reduce allergens throughout the home, especially in bedrooms. Wool Fabrics And Carpet The natural lanolin in wool carpets, upholstery, and bedding repels dust mites for allergy relief. This can be another reason to buy wool bedding to reduce allergic or asthmatic symptoms. Allergen Covers Studies at NIEHS found a significant reduction of dust mites when allergen-proof covers were combined with properly cleaned bedding, hot steam-cleaning, and vacuuming for allergy relief. Note: Vacuuming alone doesn’t work as well as the combination of vacuuming with hot steam-cleaning carpets, bed mattresses, and upholstery with allergic or asthmatic symptoms . Bedding Pillows Buy a new pillow every six months for the best allergy relief (dust and dust mites often live in pillows). Carpets Avoid wall-to-wall carpet over concrete floors because concrete generates moisture and humidity. Decorate with rugs if possible for allergy relief. Freezer Sanitise Freeze stuffed animal toys in the freezer to eliminate dust mites, allergens, and germs. Place them inside a tightly sealed plastic bag and shake vigorously outdoors after removing them from the freezer. Alternatively, you can reduce allergic or asthmatic symptoms by regularly washing stuffed toys in hot water. Tips For Everyday Mite Control And Allergy Relief Lastly, keeping a house and bedroom clean is essential to prevent dust mites and allergens. Use a HEPA vacuum in the house. Run a HEPA air filter near the bed when the room is unoccupied to reduce allergic or asthmatic symptoms . Also, Venetian blinds need to be cleaned with a hot cloth, as they collect dust. Make sure the house and bedroom curtains or window coverings are cleanable. If you have a problem that you cannot solve yourself, contact us at 09 376-7007. We are available in North Shore, East, West and South Auckland. Updated Last: 26 June 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Truck Mounted vs Portable Graeme Stephens →