Steam Cleaning At Mt Eden Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: auckland-central@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 376-7007 Mt Eden, Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Mt Eden Auckland Manager – Gavin Wallace sales@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make An Easy Online Booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Steam Cleaning In Mt Eden, Auckland With over three decades, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry  Carpet Cleaning Services in Mt Eden provides professional carpet cleaners for assistance when your area rugs and carpeting need special attention. If you’re in Mount Eden, you can count on us at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services. We recommend that residential and commercial homes have their carpets cleaned regularly. Thus, Mt Eden Steam Cleaning maximises the carpet’s lifespan and ensures a healthier living environment. And we’re also working with High international CRI 204/205 Carpet Maintenance and Cleaning Standards . Additionally, here are the kinds of services we provide: Carpet, oriental and area rug, and upholstery cleaning Anti-allergen, dust mites, germs, and environmentally friendly, immaculate carpet cleaning Tile and  grout cleaning, and another hard-flooring surface cleaning Teflon permanent fabric stain protection for home and business In addition, fire, flood, and water damage cleaning and restoration Furthermore, Mt Eden Auckland Carpet Cleaners employs state-of-the-art, powerful hot water extraction equipment for deep and thorough cleaning. Therefore, professional steam cleaners provide rug cleaning, flood repairs, and allergen relief. Including stain removal and pest control with an eco-friendly approach, they provide disinfecting sanitisation, furniture, and car upholstery cleaning. Hot Water Extraction Carpet Cleaning: On the other hand, a deep carpet cleaning via the hot water extraction technique is far more advanced than a regular steam treatment. Nevertheless, this steam-based extraction procedure is the most effective for washing grimy carpets, rugs, and mats in the comfort of your home. Thus, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners uses truck-mounted equipment for stains, flood repairs, and couch cleanings. Lastly, our pressurised hot water extraction (HWE) system will rejuvenate your carpets, removing accumulated dirt and tackling a broad spectrum of germs from your doormat, car carpet, or large rug. Additionally, steam extraction effectively addresses household spills and pet stains, helping to eliminate unpleasant odours and dust mites. Thus, contact us at Mt Eden at 09 376-7007 . Last Updated: 09 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Us Herne Bay, Auckland Contact Us Newmarket Auckland →