Steam ‘n’ Dry Auckland Central Carpet Cleaning General Enquiries: Email: info@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 3767007 Management Contacts: Mary Stephens (Branch Manager) mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz – 021271-5454 Maria Stephens (Bookings Manager) info@steam-n-dry.co.nz – 021274-5454 Graeme Stephens (Director) graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Auckland Central Carpet Cleaning Services Carpets collect and hold dust, dirt, bacteria, pet dander, mould spores, dust mites, germs, allergens, viruses, and everything else trapped inside. Nevertheless, our professional team removes irritants, providing a healthy living environment for your family and pets. NZ Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland City branch teams use truck-mounted portable cleaners. Unlike the truck-mounted system, a portable machine can withstand high-rise and apartment carpet cleaning using eco-friendly citrus-safe products, ensuring that your home or office stays healthy after completing any steam carpet cleaning in Auckland Central City, CBD service. Note: Our superior truck mounts use 84°C hot steam, which extracts and kills 99.9% of germs, viruses, allergens, pathogens, dust mites, and mould in carpets. We have proudly provided Auckland with a cleaner, healthier, germ-free home and office for 35 years. For instance, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has 35 years of practical experience, assigning our clients to qualified carpet cleaning technicians who have obtained top reviews and reputations through our expertise. Our team is equipped with industry-leading certifications, boundless skills, and experience, aiming for technical excellence alongside integrity and reliability. In addition to that, we work with high International Carpet Care and Maintenance Standards. Auckland Central Professional Carpet Cleaners Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning  Central Professional Team is dedicated and always provides our customers with exceptional services, having an A+ ranking and nearly a 5-star rating on our Facebook Page with outstanding results! Follow us on Instagram to see before and after photos taken by our carpet cleaners in the field! Hire a carpet cleaning company that uses truck-mounted units to ensure the best cleaning results possible, so call Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services at 09 376-7007 for an excellent cleaning service. Lastly, we have branches throughout South Auckland, North Shore, East Auckland, West Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Updated Last: 26 June 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Carpet Cleaning Job Auckland Contact Us Herne Bay, Auckland →