Book At Westhaven Carpet Cleaning Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: auckland-central@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 376-7007 Westhaven Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Westhaven, Auckland Manager – Gavin Wallace sales@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make An Easy Online Booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaners In Westhaven Auckland Westhaven Carpet Cleaners Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service 1987 understands that you have many options when it comes to carpet cleaning. We recognise that selecting the right cleaning company can be challenging, particularly when you require guidance on what questions to ask. The Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry team is here to help you make a well-informed choice and provide exceptional carpet cleaning services. Indeed, we clean every home and commercial business like our own. Furthermore, we adhere to stringent carpet cleaning standards CRI 104/105 Carpet Installation Standards . Eventually, If you’re unhappy with the clean results, we will rectify the issue or provide a refund to your satisfaction. And you’re always backed by the Westhaven Carpet Cleaning Auckland Steam n Dry Performance Guarantee. Therefore, we provide allergen relief, rug cleaning, flood restoration, carpet repair, stain removal, pest control, disinfecting sanitisation, and car upholstery cleaning. The cleaning technician generally brings inside only two hoses and cleaning wands while keeping all the machine’s noise outside. With most of the sound out, it is still possible to stay in the area—no minimal noise interruption from our equipment. If you live in the Westhaven, Auckland area, and are wondering if there are professional carpet cleaners near you, look no further than Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning! We have experienced technicians trained to handle every aspect of carpet cleaning – and every part of your home – with skill, professionalism, and care. Therefore, Westhaven Carpet Cleaning Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry 1987 uses truck-mounted for stains, flood repairs, and couch cleaning services. Contact us at 09 376-7007 . LAST UPDATED: 30 October 2024 By GRAEME STEPHENS ← Contact Us Parnell, Auckland Carpet Cleaning Benefits →