Book At Herne Bay, Carpet Cleaning Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: auckland-central@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 376-7007 Herne Bay, Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Herne Bay Auckland Manager – Gavin Wallace sales@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make an easy online booking . GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaner In Herne Bay, Auckland Herne Bay Carpet Cleaning Service By Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry 1987 starts with a thorough inspection: Herne Bay Carpet Cleaning Service will send a professional truck mount or portable carpet cleaner equipped with all the specialised gear and solutions required. Therefore, the specialist determines the suitable cleaning method for your specific type of fabric. Specifically, the highly skilled technician uses a powerful vacuum and removes dry soil and dirt from carpeting. At the same time, a specialised pre-conditioning solution for stubborn stains and dirt marks. Afterwards, the Herne Bay Carpet Cleaning Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry cleaner proceeds with the appropriate cleaning method. Finally, your textile floor covering is spotlessly clean and left to dry. Therefore, Herne Bay Carpet Cleaning Auckland Steam n Dry offers carpet sanitisation to eliminate 99.9% of all germs and bacteria. More About Herne Bay Steam Clean Auckland Furthermore, Herne Bay Carpet Cleaning Auckland, Steam n Dry is a locally owned and operated residential and commercial carpet cleaning company serving Anchorage, Herne Bay, Auckland, for nearly 35 years. Of course, we specialise in the following cleaning services: Oriental and area rugs, repairs, sanitising, carpet and upholstery cleaning, and flood restoration. Indeed, Herne Bay Carpet Cleaning  Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has IICRC and ASD-certified carpet cleaning technicians. Ever since our experts in the carpet cleaning industry have been devoted to their expertise and unwavering commitment, they strive to deliver an extraordinary carpet cleaning service that exceeds your expectations. Of course, our team specialises in spot removal, odour removal, pet-affected areas, and more! We also provide allergen relief, flood repairs, stain removal, disinfecting sanitisation, and car upholstery cleaning. Additionally, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services offers Teflon fabric and carpet protection, an Anti-Allergen Treatment, and various deodorisers. And you will quickly see that Herne Bay Carpet Cleaner can handle almost anything! Book your residential carpet cleaning appointment using our online booking program. Thus, c ontact us at Herne Bay on 09 376-7007 . Updated Last: 09 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Auckland Central Carpet Cleaning Contact Us At Mt Eden Auckland City →