Bed Bug Control Auckland Service Since 1987, the Steam ‘n’ Dry Bed Bug Control Auckland Service has been killing and removing bed bugs with unwavering diligence. We understand how highly irritating bed bug bites and that is why we prioritise bed bug control. Our high standard of cleaning services will undeniably help control this problem. Therefore, I will let you know of the research I’ve uncovered about how effective hot steam cleaning is, specifically for killing bed bugs, and how our steam extraction treatment works. The best high temperatures and methods effectively kill bed bugs in bedding, mattresses, upholstery, and carpets. This non-pesticide bed bug-killing pre-spray and hot steam treatment kills and removes dust mites, allergens, bacteria, germs, and viruses. The Most Effective Bed Bug Control Hot Steam Cleaners And Treatment In Auckland Bed bugs can be brought and cause infestation on a property through clothes, luggage, and furniture. However, bed bugs are not dangerous but can cause quite discomfort. Bed bugs can infest any house, and if a bed bug bites you, it can cause skin irritation and soreness. A bed bug bite can affect you for several days, especially if it triggers an allergic reaction, which can cause an even higher degree of discomfort. Treatment for bed bug infestations often involves fumigation, during which you must leave your premises for a few hours. Clothing and sheets need to be washed at very high temperatures to eliminate any trace of bed bugs. But despite thoroughly washing the sheets and dress, sometimes it still needs to be improved. Auckland Steam n Dry uses hot steam cleaning and treatments to eliminate bed bugs effectively. When exposed to temperatures over 70 °C , bed bugs die. However, most mattress cleaners can only generate about 50 °C . It is also well-researched that powerful vacuuming is good. This helps control bugs and their feces. As opposed to household vacuums that can produce approximately 1-2 Hg of vacuum power, often exhausting contaminated waste air back inside the home. Steam ‘n’ Dry Bed Bug Control Auckland Service has the most significant hot steam extraction truck-mounted cleaners. It uses around 85 °C at the point of contact to kill bed bugs before a powerful truck-mounted vacuum with 26 Hg of vacuum sucks them up. This heat treatment and non-pesticide bed bug-killing pre-spray kills and removes bacteria, dust mites, allergens, germs, viruses, and other pathogens. Hot Steam Kills Bed Bugs Our Bed Bug Control Auckland Service has the most significant hot steam extraction truck mounts – using 85 °C steam at the point of contact, which kills pests effectively. Over 70 °C hot steam is an effective carpet cleaning method for killing bed bugs in all life cycle stages. If used correctly, the power performance and the hot steam temperature are crucial in killing bed bugs. Truck mount cleaners have a hot 85 °C steam at the point of contact, adjustable PSI with a powerful 26 HG vacuum suction truck mount cleaner. These truck mounts are approximately double the power of most of Auckland’s other truck mount cleaners and about seven times more performance than portable carpet cleaners. With these powerful truck-mounted units, the wastewater with bed bugs and other allergens goes through a filtration system that is exhausted outside, not inside your home. The surface temperature should be at least 70°C immediately after the hot steam brush has passed to kill and remove bed bugs effectively. For Effective Bed Bug Control, Have Your Mattresses Cleaned With Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Services. Even without an asthmatic in your home, regular mattress cleaning is essential for your health and family. This gives you a good night’s sleep, feeling comfortable and breathing well, and knowing that your bed is free of bed bugs, germs, viruses, asthma allergens, and other pathogens. Most carpet cleaning machines do not reach enough temperatures to kill bed bugs – only large, powerful truck mount machines that generate over 70 °C at the point of contact kill bed bugs. For over 35 years, we have provided Auckland with a cleaner, healthier home in West Auckland, North Shore, West, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast with bed bug control, mattress cleaning, and pest control. Kill Bed Bugs Steamers work by delivering lethal temperatures to where bed bugs may be hiding. Hot Steam is beneficial when bed bugs are on the surface of items and can be effective up to 15 mm into fabric surfaces. Steam can kill bed bugs up to 50 mm deep in joints, cracks, and crevices. To effectively kill bed bugs and keep them controlled,  we recommend the following: Regular vacuuming of your mattress, upholstery and carpets Use a commercial steamer with a minimum temperature of 70 °C , preferably with a PSI adjustment control. Expose your bed and bedding to over 70 °C . The sun on hot days will help. Wash bedding such as pillowcases, sheets, and duvet covers at over 70 °C or as hot as possible. Use Steam ‘n’ Dry Bed Bug Control Auckland to do their truck mount hot steam extraction on your mattress, upholstery, and carpet every 6 to 12 months. Steam ‘n’ Dry Bed Bug Control Auckland Service recommends a pest control treatment throughout the home for maximum effectiveness after the above cleaning. Steam ‘n’ Dry Bed Bug Control Auckland Service Has The Most Effective Bed Bug Control. To effectively and adequately break the bed bug cycle, you need more than just regular vacuuming, washing, bedding in hot 70 °C water, and bed bug pest control treatment. As with many homes, the problem is with the bed bug infestation if there are many eggs. If not removed, they hatch after the bed bug control treatment has dissipated. The only way to break the bed bug infestation is to thoroughly clean the mattress, carpet, and upholstery with a powerful truck-mounted carpet cleaning that can generate heat over 70°C as soon as possible. Thus, it removes bed bugs, eggs, and feces, which effectively breaks the whole bed bug infestation cycle, then uses pest control to kill the remaining pests. Steam ‘n Dry Bed Bug Control Auckland uses the most potent truck-mount steam cleaners in Auckland. Also, we can offer a complete guarantee that most pest control companies cannot provide. Effective Bed Bug Treatment Recommendations We do recommend that you get a carpet cleaned in the affected rooms, bed bug spray throughout the property and steam clean the mattresses. Bedbugs can be found in the seams of chairs and couches, between cushions, in the folds of curtains, in drawer joints, electrical receptacles and appliances, under loose wall paper and wall hangings, at the junction/cracks where the wall and the ceiling meet and even in the head of a screw bed frames, and headboards you may need several treatment for bad infestation where by theres un hatched lavue and new introduction from outside the traeted areas. Bed bugs typically live between 2–7 months, and in some cases up to a year; therefore, multiple treatments may be necessary. Our Bed Bug Control Auckland Services. Includes: 85 °C Hot Steam Truck-Mounted Cleaners Mattress Cleaning Upholstery Cleaning Carpet Cleaning Pest Control Decontamination Cleanup COVID-19 Coronavirus Sterilisation in Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry All-In-One Bed Bug Mattress Cleaning Service and Pest Treatment Process It removes stains, germs, bacteria, and dust mites in just one treatment. Also, mattress cleaning of all types and sizes Service relief for allergy and asthma sufferers See Our 5-Star Carpet Cleaning & Bed Bug Auckland Service Reviews. * Auckland Google Reviews * Yellow Pages Reviews * Facebook Reviews * South Auckland Reviews * West Auckland Reviews * Trademe Service Reviews * No Cowboys Reviews * North Shore Reviews * Hibiscus Coast Reviews * Yelp Reviews Call us today at 093767007 for a free quote! Updated Last: 27 August 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Pet Odour Removal Water Extraction Services →