Biohazard Cleanup And Disinfectio n In Auckland Since 1987, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has had the best and superior biohazard cleanup process with high-quality cleaning equipment and professional disin fecting services. Our services include: Biohazard cleanup Disinfecting Decontaminating Sanitising Crime scene cleanup Hoarding Industrial truck mount steam cleaning Ozone generators Fog machines 90-115 litre dehumidifiers So our clients can get the best cleanup job possible, sanitising their properties from viruses, bacteria, pathogens, and microorganisms. Ozone generators are a very effective and quick method to disinfect a home or commercial area effectively – se e scientific reports. Ozone generators effectively disinfect bacteria, viruses, and microorganisms in contamination zones, especially the infected houses or isolation quarantine zones. Steam ‘n’ Dry Decontamination Division Auckland Service offers these clean disinfecting services to you! Regardless of your organisation’s type, we can customise our cleaning process according to your specifications and preferences. We follow leading health service recommendations with cleaning regimens and the Cleaning Standards for Healthcare Facilities 2021. Our specialised biohazard cleaners offer regular cleaning schedules to help keep your workplace or home safe and sanitised that you can trust and rely on. Biohazard Cleanup Specialists Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry is Auckland’s leading biohazard cleanup provider. We do not subcontract our biohazard cleaners. We have chosen to employ all our staff, giving us better control over our decontamination cleaning quality and enabling us to provide consistently high-quality, specialised cleaning services. Therefore, our biohazard cleaning staff undergo comprehensive training for all technical bio-disinfecting cleaning tasks. We are also fully insured. Most importantly, our team is friendly, trustworthy, uniformed professionals and polite. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has been providing trauma and death scene cleaning. Be it a homicide, unattended death, suicide, or attempted suicide, as well as another bio-hazard cleanup in Auckland for 35 years. Steam ‘n’ Dry Cleaning and Remediation Auckland Services restored the site safely. Our expert team will clean the visible and invisible signs, including odour, bodily fluids, and biological hazards, utilising the latest advanced technology, equipment, and cleaning methods. In any way, a grieving loved one should never have to face this task. All Auckland insurance companies cover our biohazard decontamination and disinfectant cleaning services. That is to say, payment is generally not a problem. Please visit our biohazard website to learn more about our specialised cleanup disinfectant services. We are open 24/7. Call us on 0800 783266. Biohazard Cleaning Dangers Biohazard and decontamination cleaning have many health risks and safety risk factors. Therefore , employees or volunteers attempting to complete decontamination cleaning might be at risk while handling contaminated materials or breathing in polluted air. Asking internal personnel to do the disinfectant cleanup of hazardous materials can expose them to potential health hazards, which they must prepare for. Based on our experience, biohazard and decontamination cleaning should only be attempted by people they are trained experts. Wearing the correct protective gear or clothing and having the right equipment when cleaning or disinfecting hazardous materials are essential. Equipment such as industrial-truck mount pressure washers, ozone generators, fog machines, and dehumidifier rental. Apart from that, this ensures you receive the best sanitary cleanup possible. Biohazard Guarantee At Steam ‘n’ Dry Biohazard Disinfecting, our Auckland Service Cleanup staff comprises dedicated professionals who are here for you, especially during your most challenging and stressful times. With our extensive experience in decontamination cleanup, our professional team has consistently demonstrated expertise and efficiency in handling biohazardous situations. Rest assured, we are committed to providing our utmost assistance and support, striving to deliver the best possible outcomes with a guarantee for our clients. Of course, we provide free quotations and will also contact your insurance company to give you the best options. For this reason, schedule your free onsite consultation and estimate today! Call 0800 783-266 or email us. Decontamination And Biohazard Cleanup Services Crime Scene Cleanup COVID-19 Novel Coronavirus Disinfectant Cleaning Blood Cleaning Ozone Microorganism Bacteria and Virus Disinfecting Cleanup Hoarding Cleanup Mould Killing and Removal Trauma Scene Cleanup Odour Source Killing Removal Emergency Cleaning and Restoration Biological Cleanup Services Disinfectant Cleaning Biohazard Cleanup Meth P Decontamination Coronavirus Cleaning Auckland Our Professional Cleaners have sanitisation and decontamination experience in biohazard cleanups such as mould cleaning, sanitising treatments, and meth-P cleaning. Our team knows how to clean and disinfect homes and offices to protect from the SARS-CoV-2 Novel Coronavirus. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services include cleaning up all home surfaces such as hard surfaces, carpet, upholstery, furniture, kitchen, and bathrooms with a sterilisation treatment similar to mould cleaners and meth decontamination. COVID-19 virus disinfectant cleans post-travel with preventive measures, quarantine, isolation rooms, homes, and offices prepared with suitable PPE, including P95 respirator masks and gloves. If, in any case, our Auckland Carpet Cleaner is not wearing any mask or gloves, and you would feel more comfortable if he were, please inform the office or the disinfectant cleaner, too. However, this case rarely happens. Above all, the Ozone equipment is the most potent weapon against the Novel Coronavirus . For a single room, ample public space, or public transportation modes such as buses, hospitals, railways, quarantine and isolation zones, ships, and aeroplanes. To sum up, Steam ‘n’ Dry COVID-19 Disinfecting and Spray application treatments are available for upholstery, mattresses, curtains, carpets, and more. Call 0800783-266 or email Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry for the Biohazard Disinfecting Auckland Cleanup experts . Updated Last: 26 June 2025 By Graeme Stephens. (IICRC Master Restoration Technician) ← Odour Control Service Hoarding Clean Up →