Carpet Cleaning Business For Sale In New Zealand The Real Rags to Riches Success Story. This Carpet Cleaning Business for Sale NZ started in 1987. This was founded by a formerly uneducated 22-year-old Graeme Stephens, who owned only a $1,000 car he borrowed from the bank to begin his carpet cleaning business opportunity 35 years ago. The flooded carpet drying and cleaning business at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has been continuously growing, particularly in profit year after year. At present, the owner now comfortably owns four high-end properties. Furthermore, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry is now the largest privately owned carpet cleaning company in New Zealand. Of course, a household brand name in Auckland. The business is strategically ready to sell franchises throughout other areas of New Zealand, either just outside Auckland or including Auckland. Flood Drying Restoration And Carpet Cleaning Business For Sale in NZ Price Asking Price: $3,900,000. Revenues: $2,000,000 per year, recent average Profit: $200,000 per year average Equipment Vehicles:  x14 – 150,000 current value, included in the business for sale, asking price. Carpet Cleaning $200,000 current approximate value, added in the industry for sale asking price. Flood Restoration’s $200,000 current approximate value is included in the asking price of the business for sale. Other Clean Up $50,000 current approximate value, including the asking price. Employees 14 permanent and experienced staff. Office Manager, 28 years with us. Office marketer with 25 years with us. Three carpet technicians have an average of 20 years with us. The carpet cleaning business runs itself without a director. Business Loan Of course, there aren’t any business loans. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning  Services paid it off long ago. Good Profitable Income Business, Auckland, New Zealand This well-known national brand has proper name recognition and excellent reviews, with its territory being in the Auckland area. Our Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services do residential and commercial carpet cleaning. Also, we provide rug cleaning, water restoration , and furniture upholstery cleaning. The purchase price may include all the equipment and the vehicles necessary for the operation. Specifically, free and clear of all lines. Except for two vans with loan balances, which need to be shouldered by the buyer. To get more information about this, don’t hesitate to contact Mr Graeme Stephens via email, and you can inquire about the details of the said services and franchise opportunity inquiries. Carpet Cleaning Business For Sale In Auckland Without a doubt, this is a fast-growing opportunity. Aside from that, our business established the Recession-Resistant Restoration franchise. Our company is ready for multiple franchise territories with a stellar reputation. We’re working to the high Carpet Cleaning Standards and ANSI/IICRC500 Standards for Professional Water Damage Restoration (2021) , serving West Auckland, North Shore, Eastern Bays, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast for over three decades. Another critical point is that the business has shown steady growth over the last 35 years, with impressive cash flow and profit. Therefore, this business immediately has a significant long-standing online presence for sale, including over 5,000 social media followers. Most importantly, you get all the benefits and more (training and support of a franchise help you continue to grow the business). Moreover, Turnkey has all systems and staff in place with industry experience. Real Estate: Leased (from Graeme Stephens trust currently). Building Size: 120 sq. m. It includes all furniture, fixtures, and equipment in the asking price. Growth & Expansion: The new owner has further business opportunities to develop the New Zealand commercial and construction services. Support & Training: Besides corporate training, the seller will train the new owner for four weeks at no cost and provide ongoing technical support for a year. Reason for Selling: The seller has a new overseas venture and is planning an early retirement. For More Questions And Inquiries On Business For Sale NZ: After many years of successfully operating a Steam ‘n’ Dry franchise in Auckland, the owner is now planning to venture overseas and retire early. Consequently, they are seeking someone to take over the business and benefit from the established framework and loyal customer base, which consistently returns for our exceptional services. We have marketing methods that we use to support our service, and our company has offered professional, environmentally safe, high-quality cleaning services since our founding in 1987. We are confident that we are offering a better cleaning franchise opportunity. In addition, our services and technicians are great, and 90% of customers come from word-of-mouth referrals and current repeat customers, creating tremendous growth opportunities and sustainability for marketing. To get more information about this Restoration Franchise business for sale in Auckland, New Zealand – please call Graeme Stephens on 021 285-5454 or email him about this Carpet Cleaning and Flood Restoration Business sale opportunity. You may also visit our Facebook account to ask questions or request an appointment to see this business for sale. Updated Last: 26 June 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Drying Building Hire & Service Terms & Conditions →