Buying New Carpet Tips When choosing a new carpet, there are several things to consider to make your home look great and comfortable. Therefore, here are some buying carpet tips. Check out the carpet’s performance, health benefits and asthma allergens. Always ensure the type and quality of the carpeting will meet your standards and expectations. The wrong choice will not last and can cause you disappointment. Below are suggestions for buying a carpet that will work best for you. Buying Carpet Tips For Asthma Allergies As a severe asthmatic, this is a priority for me, My name is Graeme Stephens of Steam ‘n’ Dry. With 35 years in the carpeting industry, I have worked with the Asthma Society and hard flooring experts following the Higher standards for Indoor Air Quality and Carpet Cleaning Standards. This includes carpet manufacturers and my personal experiences. I’ve come up with the following findings based on the said factors: Hard flooring is for asthmatics when maintained through regular vacuuming and mopping. Unlike carpets, hard floors don’t trap dust, mites, germs, pollen, and pollution; these particles tend to rest on the surface. However, it’s essential to note that when walking on hard floors, these allergens and germs can become airborne again, posing a potential risk for asthmatics who may inhale them. Therefore, while hard floors have advantages, asthmatics should consider other flooring options that may better suit their needs. Wool carpet is often said to be asthma-allergen-free. It is hard to find unbiased information online. From my experience, wool carpet is nasty for my asthma. A small wool lint is expelled into the air when the natural fibres break down. When you walk on the mats, bits of wool, lint dust, and asthma allergens are discharged into the atmosphere that asthmatics must breathe,  causing inflammation and wheezing. Buying Carpet Tips – Two Other Factors With Wool Carpets For Asthmatics Wool Carpet. When a weekly vacuum cleaning occurs, wool carpet retains moisture; therefore, as a natural fibre, it will be the first home item to grow mould. Also, wool is porous, which makes it prone to dirt and pollen and a suitable pollution holder. When someone walks on it, these particles can be released into the air, contributing to indoor air pollution. As a result, wool carpets may not be the best choice for individuals with asthma or allergies, as they can exacerbate indoor air quality issues. If someone in the family is asthmatic or has similar respiratory allergies, I don’t recommend buying a wool carpet. Besides vacuuming weekly, I recommend using a truck-mounted carpet cleaner with over 70 °C hot steam to be more efficient and ideal for removing and killing dust mites and allergens every three months. Synthetic Carpet. The prominent synthetic carpets in Auckland are polypropylene and nylon solution dyes. Polypropylene is known for its impermeable and durable characteristics. And it doesn’t allow dust and asthma allergens to sink into its surface. Therefore, germs and asthma allergens are released into the air each time you step on the nonporous polypropylene. But, it is okay for asthmatics to undergo vacuum cleaning regularly or weekly. A better choice would be using six-monthly truck mount carpet cleaning with over 70 °C hot steam to help remove and kill dust mites and allergens. Solution-dyed Nylon Carpets. This type of carpeting is similar to polypropylene carpets. However, softer and full-bodied. A viable option for asthmatics. Although, for the first month, there can be a minor issue that can upset some people with asthma. I didn’t notice any adverse allergies or asthma with my new Nylon carpet, and I’m usually susceptible to any allergies. Solution-dyed Nylon carpets are paired with regular vacuuming and truck mount hot steam carpet cleaning. Buying Carpet Tips Carpet Pile Twist Look at the pile twist in the yarn pieces. Several twists may give you the right carpeting. The number of pile fibre twists will affect the overall performance and the fibre pile’s density. Make sure to distinguish the carpet pile density from the height of the fibre pile. Pile height is not related to density. Thus, it has nothing to do with performance. Remember that the more spring on your carpet, the more hidden footprints. Therefore, you must trade the spring-after quality carpets because the more vibrant rugs do not have a twisted, crimped texture. Fibre Stain Protection For over three years, you should find stain-protected carpets with soil protection and static guards for the carpets to perform well. It is recommended that carpets be cleaned at least once a year. Most property owners only clean their carpets once a year. However, you may have to carpet clean them for heavy traffic lane areas twice a year. The carpet industry has introduced fantastic carpets with stain protection , soil guard, and static protection. Reputable Carpet Dealer Always buy your carpeting from a reputable carpet dealer. Look for a long-term, quality, customer service-oriented carpet dealer with varied selections. Most importantly, make sure the dealer stands behind the products they sell. Buying Carpet Tips For The Types Of Carpet Look at all the different types of buying carpet tips available to you. Also, look at the various underlay pads available for the carpet. Make sure to skimp on the underlay pad. This is important, although it’s not visible, it doesn’t mean it is not essential. Cheap underlay will not do for your new carpeting of any kind and will shorten the life of your carpet. An underpad that is too thin will not only fall apart under your carpets but also damage the carpet. Professional Carpet Laying Having your new carpet laying done by a professional would be best carpet laying done by a professional . The dealer may have their installation crew or direct you to someone they recommend. Allergies And Asthma: Carpet Or Hard Flooring Vacuum or mop? Making these decisions about the right flooring for your home can be challenging if your family has asthma or allergies. Some people with asthma and allergies used to say you should replace carpets with hard flooring. But there are better options than this. Carpets can trap allergens in their pile, while hard floors allow them to float around. Some modern carpet companies contain treatments to reduce moulds, dust mites, and common asthmatic and allergy triggers. Prepare The Sub-Floor Remember, you should adequately prepare the floor to protect the investment. The better grades of carpeting usually need a better underlay or carpet underlay pad class. Buying Carpet Tips – Choosing The Right Carpet The colour and texture will affect the look of the room. Additionally, lighting conditions will change the face of the carpets. Soft plush eyes are suitable in a formal dining room if the carpet fibre pile is smooth or surfaced. Thus, use an Oriental fibre pile weave style to get a traditional or commercial look to any room. Choose a more lustrous carpet fibre to make the room look lighter or brighter. Remember, a smooth, luxurious carpet will show footprints and vacuum marks. If you like this look, ask for a lustre fibre,  but if you don’t like the carpet look, tell the sales rep that you don’t want the pile of a lustrous carpet. You can get the carpeting on an uneven surface where the looped pile is rough. You will have a sculptured look by combining different collections at different heights. The colour can also duplicate this look, or the carpet can have varied colours. You will find that some carpets get this look by carving on the pile of the carpet’s surface. Remember that a high-pile carpet is not suitable for high-traffic areas. These fibres will be trampled and hard to clean, so use the best buying carpet tips. High-Carpeting Traffic Areas The first pile or low-loop carpet is an excellent choice for high-traffic areas, often found in offices. It is highly durable, resistant to wear and tear, and easier to clean, unlike higher-pile carpet. The chunky look wool Berber carpets will have a level loop pile, so it has a popular chunky look. The hard-wearing factor is essential and will hide the soiling and staining dirt. However, a few carpets are as good as loop-pile fibre carpeting. You Get What You Pay For with Carpets Like most things in life, you get what you pay for. Of course, a cheap carpet is a low-quality carpet. That is why it is essential to be aware when selecting the mats you need and like. Therefore, because the carpets seem like a reasonable price at the time, you might think the other way when you have to replace the carpets in 3 years instead of 25 years. So shop for the carpet carefully! Carpet Guarantees/Warranties Look for the guarantee on the carpet and what the warranty covers. Does it just replace the carpets? Does it also include the installation? What will void the warranty? What is not covered? Lastly, these carpet-buying tips will help you choose suitable carpets for your room. Your room will have a brand-new facelift and look fabulous! For the Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Buying Carpet Tips, call 0800783266 or email us. Updated Last : 04 June 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Upholstery Care Tips & Service Carpet Cleaning Guarantee →