Car Upholstery Cleaning Auckland In 1987, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry started with Car Upholstery Cleaning. Primarily, we specialised in upholstery cleaning for the interiors of imported Japanese Cars in the 1980s, often black with pollution soot. Car freshener manufacturers have gone to great lengths to develop a scent that mimics the pleasant aroma inside a vehicle. Thus, there is nothing more satisfying than the smell of a brand-new car. Furthermore, our Car Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Professionals can make your car look brand new again. Our method will pre-spray a hot steam solution to kill and remove germs, allergens, and viruses before a powerful vacuum removes the bacteria and soiling. Superior Truck-mounted Deep-cleaning Car upholstery cleaning is the foundation of Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, which has 35 years of experience in the industry. And has professional equipment that uses hot steam to 85 °C, a superior truck-mounted and portable deep hot steam cleaning machine that sprays the hot mist on the car upholstery and removes the soil, germs, allergens, and viruses – that is how the car upholstery cleaning method is completed. This method of cleaning applies to fabric, while leather car upholstery is completed by hand. Virus And Bacteria Disinfection And Sanitisation Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services can clean car upholstery equally as we clean your furniture, such as lounge suites, using the same truck mount machine. It is cost-effective to do both simultaneously. The Steam ‘n’ Dry Car Interior Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service professionals use powerful truck-mounted hot steam cleaners with temperatures over 70°C. This high-temperature steam effectively kills and removes viruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and other harmful pathogens from car interiors and upholstery. They are FDA-approved to kill coronavirus, dust mite allergens, and bacteria. Thus, we work in the high B0271 National Standards of Healthcare Cleanliness 2021. Interior Cleaning & Stain Removal Guide Certainly, maintaining your car’s interior appearance and indoor air quality is essential for the car’s health and value. Therefore, it will help you when it’s time to trade or sell it. So here are a few valuable hints to help with car upholstery cleaning: The Steam ‘n’ Dry Professionals provide these inside car cleaning tips. Immediately add cold water and blot with paper towels or clean rags. If a stain remains after the spot has dried, spray on a glass cleaner (yes, a glass cleaner!), soak the area, sit for five minutes, and blot. Most greasy carpeting and upholstery stains can be removed with paint thinner with a clean, 100% cotton cloth. You may also cover the spot with cornmeal and let it sit overnight, then vacuum in the morning. Hairspray will remove pen ink stains from the car seat upholstery or carpet. The Salt will also lift the colour out of the rug. Car sickness stains from children, pets, or adults on car upholstery or carpets should be diluted and neutralised—since vomit is acidic—using club soda or a mixture of baking soda and water. Inside Car Cleaning Wash them with baking soda on a damp rag to clean vinyl car seats quickly. Rinse with dishwashing detergent and water. Baking soda is gentler on vinyl than oil-based car seat cleaners, which will cause the vinyl to harden. For general carpet and upholstery stains for your car cleaning, take a litre of hot water, a generous amount of dish detergent, and add a cup of white vinegar. You’ll need a stiff bristle brush to work the cleaner thoroughly into the car seat and carpet fibres. Let it sit for 30 minutes, then blot until dry with towels or thick absorbent rags. It also works well for pet stains. Brighten faded car seat upholstery. The first vacuum uses a sponge mop cleaner to lightly apply a mixture of half-cup clear ammonia to one pint of water. Test this mixture on a discrete car seat or carpet area first. Car Seat Cleaning If the inside car seats or carpet begins to smell, sprinkle or spray on a safe disinfectant. Then, get a professional car seat cleaning company to remove dirt and unpleasant smells. Does the car carpet edge start to fray? Paint carpet seams and sides with a liquid resin found in craft and fabric stores to hold the fibres in place. Vacuum Cleaning Before your vehicle carpet shows excessive wear and tear, vacuum clean it as you would at home. Consider hiring a professional car seat cleaning company. Spraying a mixture of 5% water and one part fabric softener cleaner onto your car carpet. If objects in the back of your vehicle have left indentations in the carpets, place a damp towel over the spot and press lightly with an iron on a low setting. The indentation will rise as the towel dries.  Contact a professional cleaning service provider to avoid leaving the iron on the spot for too long, as synthetic fibres can melt. Wax them with liquid shoe polish to keep car mats looking brand new. For Car Upholstery Cleaning Services, call Steam ‘n’ Dry Services on 0800 783-266 or email us. Updated Last: 26 June 2025 By Graeme Stephens (IICRC Master Technician) ← Upholstery Stain Removal Service Dry Wet Carpet FAQs →