Professional Carpet Cleaner Methods Since 1987, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaner has provided top-notch professional truck-mounted carpet cleaning services. We understand that your home is one of the significant investments you’ll make. Furthermore, your family’s comfort, health, and safety are the most important. At Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, our carpet cleaning experts take pride in using the latest cleaning techniques and advanced equipment to deliver exceptional results. Trust us to provide you with the most advanced carpet cleaning process available. Our primary objective is to ensure your carpets are cleaner, fresher, and healthier. Carpet Cleaner High-Quality Service Are you looking for a professional carpet cleaning company to get the job right? You’ve found one of Auckland’s most experienced carpet and upholstery cleaners. Indeed, we offer carpet cleaning services that you can never fear! Our Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaner Auckland Services work is a high-quality guarantee! Carpet cleaners all use some equipment that will inevitably be needed to achieve the end goals, but there’s more than a single option; there are many. A truck-mounted carpet cleaner is one such option that firms specialise in carpet cleaning. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Equipment restores the appearance of clients’ carpets and extends their lifespan. The truck-mounted unit delivers three to seven times better performance than smaller portable machines, thanks to its superior power and efficiency. Have you got a soil or stain problem with your carpet, fabric, or upholstery? Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry can help! Also, your carpets will be spotless. We provide steam cleaning, flood drying, repairing, and disinfecting. If it’s carpets or upholstery repair, we’ve got you covered. Hot Steam Carpet Cleaner Methods Hot steam water extraction, the carpet cleaning method, is a proven and reliable method recommended by carpet manufacturers. Indeed, hot steam extraction carpet cleaning is a technique that includes liquid with a short drying time. Therefore, a truck mount or portable steam cleaner sprays hot water into your carpet. The more active the equipment, the deeper the carpet is cleaned. As a result, its water loosens gunk, debris, dust mites, and other irritants. The carpet cleaning vacuum then sucks up the water and loosens particles to make your carpet cleaner. Truck Mount Carpet Cleaning System Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Service experts utilise a truck-mounted deep hot steam water extraction system, the most effective for removing stains, germs, allergens, viruses, dirt, and other contaminants from carpeting. The state-of-the-art truck-mounted steam cleaning system provides everything we need to restore and clean your carpets, including hot water. Indeed, the advanced design of Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaner uses the latest deep cleaning methods to extract dirt deep inside your carpet fibres, leaving your carpets healthier looking and smelling fresh. Auckland  Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services recommends using the most powerful truck mount units. Additionally, similar handheld units exist. Nothing compares to the powerful vacuum featured on the Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaner  System. Therefore, almost all of the world’s carpet producers recommended this method. It can take out dirt from more profound into the carpets. Furthermore, soil tends to wick back up after other weaker types of carpet cleaning. The additional benefit of using superior truck-mounted carpet cleaning units is that carpets dry much quicker, ultimately preventing mould and underlay damage. Portable Carpet Cleaning Systems Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners use truck-mounted hot steam cleaning equipment where possible. Thus, it is the most powerful in Auckland, and we are confident of your satisfaction with the capabilities of our significantly highly powered carpet cleaning machines. Truck-mounted carpet cleaning systems provide the best possible results but have limitations. The van containing the cleaning machine must stay on the street, so if located above the second ﬂoor, you must settle for a portable carpet cleaning system. Also, should you be found in a multi-story building, we have traditional mobile machinery to bring up inside to access difficult-to-reach areas. As their name “portable” implies, these mini carpet cleaning machines have less suction, produce less heat, and can’t provide the same quality of cleaning as a truck-mounted system. Most portable devices are similar to the carpet cleaning machines you can rent at the grocery store. Bonnet Dry-Chem Carpet Cleaner It uses the carpet cleaning solution mixed with carbonated water and then sprayed over the carpet. The carpet cleaner professionals will attach an absorbent pad to the floor buffing machine to help remove surface germs, soil, and dirt from the carpet’s surface. The device absorbs dust and dirt, leaving your carpets clean on the surface. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Technicians have various cleaning equipment, including a truck mount, portable steam cleaner, and dry carpet cleaning gear. This equipment is rapid and depends on just how much remedy. So, the drying time can be reasonably quick (from one to a few hours). These modern tools are ideal for companies, apartments, and hotels because they quickly clean the carpets without disrupting clients, guests, and visitors. However, bonnet cleaning will not clean the carpets deeply, but most carpet owners prefer to use this cleaning method only as a temporary solution. Dry Encapsulation This method uses a rotating brush to sprinkle the carpet-cleaning powders onto the surface. Thus, it opens the carpet’s fibre and lets the powder settle inside, cleaning a deep rug. One clean, dry method is suitable for carpets and rugs that may not tolerate water or a cleaning agent. This method is also an encapsulation carpet cleaner. This cleaning technique will clean some carpet surface areas; it is less effective than a steam cleaner, especially not the truck mount steam cleaner. Afterwards, the professionals vacuum the carpet to eliminate the soil and combined powder. This method is commonly employed for commercial installations, as it helps with quick drying. It is a surface-only carpet cleaning method. Shampoo Carpet Cleaning The shampoo carpet cleaning technique is one of the original methods of professional carpet cleaners in Auckland. It can remove all dirt, dust, germs, and soil from the carpet. It is okay to remove heavy soil from the fibre of carpets. However, the hot steam water extraction superseded this method, leaving carpets wet. The professionals begin the carpet cleaning process by applying a carpet cleaner shampoo onto the carpet and vigorously scrubbing it using a moisture brush. This action generates foam, attracting dust, allergens, germs, and dirt. Once the cleaning is complete, they perform an extensive vacuuming to remove any remaining shampoo and soil from the carpet. Back to Top Updated Last: 26 June 2025 By Graeme Stephens. (IICRC Master Restoration Technician) ← Carpet Cleaning FAQs Upholstery Cleaning Service FAQs →