Carpet Cleaning Price FREE ADVICE… How to Choose a Good Carpet with a reasonable carpet cleaning price Cleaner – YouTube IICRC Certified Instant Online Booking and Quotation Auckland City 09 – 376 7007 North Shore 09 – 489 7784 East Auckland 09 – 520 0062 South Auckland 09 – 262 0720 West Auckland 09 – 837 4545 Moisture / P Testing Meth P Cleanup Carpet Cleaning News Tile Grout Cleaning Stain Protection Social Media Carpet Cleaning Price in Auckland Auckland Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaners Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has provided professional services in Auckland City, CBD, North Shore, South Auckland, West Auckland, and East Auckland and was founded by Graeme Stephens, owner of Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry – Carpet Cleaners and an IICRC Certified 2001 Master Restoration Technician. And with over 36 years of specialised rug cleaning experience. Yet Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry is recognised as Auckland’s carpet cleaning industry leader, providing carpet cleaning. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Premium Truck-Mount Furthermore, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry uses premium, powerful truck-mount cleaners, the latest available worldwide. Even so, our engineers developed these large truck mounts in 1996. Supposedly, they are cleaning seven times better than the smaller portable units and about 20 times better than rental carpet cleaners. Also, a lot better than the typical small truck-mounted units. Above all, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry had fine-tuned and perfected much of its staff training knowledge. Most of our staff have been with us for over 20 years now. Therefore, we have many upholstery, carpet cleaning, flood restoration, and bio and allergen disinfecting experiences. Probably the most in Auckland, New Zealand. According to feedback, our reputation is improving, including the emerging online feedback. On the other hand, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has been a family-owned company since 1987. Indeed, our cleaning teams arrive prepared and fully trained with years of experience in carpet cleaning, upholstery, mattresses, stain removal and flood restoration. Also, we can provide the most value and quality to our customers. Undoubtedly, we can restore and renew your carpets like new ones. Thus, you can count on us! Book us now! Updated Last: 22 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Epsom Carpet Cleaning Auckland Kill Fleas →