Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services provides state-of-the-art proprietary truck-mounted equipment. And it gives you seven times better cleaning than most cleaners can! Since 1987, we have provided over three decades of premium carpet cleaning services in Auckland. We could use the latest and most excellent methods, training, and processes to cater to our customers’ carpet cleaning needs. Thus, including Steam n Dry carbonated bonnet carpet cleaning method, foam, shampoo, and the world’s largest carpet manufacturers recommend qualifying for carpeting guarantees. Hot water extraction is better known as steam cleaning in Auckland. There are two types of steam cleaning discussed below: Note: Not All Carpet Cleaners Can Clean Alike 1. Portable Steam Cleaner Machines. This type suits hard-to-reach areas above the third level or large apartment complexes. These portable steam cleaners only cost about $3000. Therefore, they are ideal for a new startup carpet cleaning company. Eventually, it can get bigger and better cleaners who can pay the truck mount’s price tag. 2. Truck-Mounted Steam Cleaner Machines. A truck-mounted unit is a heavy-duty, industrial-grade machine. It is petro or diesel-powered and can provide water temperatures just under boiling. It has very high pressure and a powerful vacuum. Therefore, it will help ensure carpet cleaning that reaches deep down to the fibres’ base and vacuums out as much dirt, residue, and water as possible. These machines are about ten times the price of portable ones, but they have much more performance, such as: Five times more heat than most portables, which removes soil, dirt, allergens, viruses, and bacteria. 30 ° C water doubles the cleaning capacity of every 10 °C . It increases cleaning effectiveness again. 85 °C steam is three times more effective at cleaning than the average hot tap water steam. Three times more psi of Steam pressure, but with smaller spray jets. This usually uses less or the same amount of water. It means it has cleaner power. Also, it has five times more vacuum power and airflow, leaving carpets far drier. You hire a carpet cleaning company that uses truck-mounted units to ensure the best cleaning results possible! Back to Top Truck-Mounted Superior Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services The business has been family-owned since 1987. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry uses portable steam cleaning and state-of-the-art, superior truck-mounted machines. Servicing West & East Auckland, North Shore, Eastern and Hibiscus Coast. Our Steam ‘n’ Dry superior truck mount carpet cleaners contain 26,000 hg of vacuum power, up to 2000 psi, and 84 °C hot steam. Most commercial carpet cleaners operate at water pressures between 100 and 500 PSI, depending on the type of carpet and soil level. Smaller truck mount units are generally lucky to reach 14,000 hg of vacuum. Our truck-mounted carpet cleaning units are the most effective method for cleaning carpets. Our natural citrus-based spray has emulsified the soil. High-pressure but low-volume hot steam is injected into the mats with pressure. It is immediately extracted with a powerful vacuum that draws dirt, viruses, and germs from your carpeting. This leaves a cleaner, healthier, and drier finish on your carpet. The bacteria are finally exhausted outside your home using this method. Back to Top Carpet Cleaning Auckland Service Reviews No Cowboys Reviews Yellow Pages Reviews Facebook Reviews South Auckland Google Reviews West Auckland Google Reviews Yelp Reviews Auckland City Google Reviews North Shore Google Reviews Hibiscus Coast Google Reviews Trademe Service Reviews Auckland Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaning Back to Top 80 ° Hot Steam Carpet Cleaning Kills Viruses, Allergens, Germs & Dust Mites Great for Indoor Air Quality (IAQ). Various airborne particles may trigger allergies in asthmatic children and adults. Carpeting fibres can hold dust and allergens better than hard floors that stir dust into the air with foot traffic. Powerful steam cleaning can draw these allergens and other particles down the carpets out of the fibres and exhaust them outside your home. 30 °C water doubles the cleaning capacity of every 10 °C . It increases cleaning effectiveness again. 85 °C steam does three times more effective cleaning than the average hot tap water steam cleaner. That includes vacuum and steam extraction using a truck-mount carpet cleaner. Germs and allergens are then hygienically exhausted outside. Your carpets should be cleaned out regularly, like filters. The longer you let it go without carpet cleaning, the worse your indoor environment will be. Carpet cleaning with superior truck mount machines that generate over 75 ° C at the point of contact gives you the best result. Steam ‘n’ Dry Services uses excellent carpet cleaners in Auckland, NZ. Carpet Virus & Bacteria Disinfecting- Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry uses powerful truck-mounted steam cleaners to deep clean and sanitise carpets, rugs, and upholstery. We also offer an FDA-approved sanitiser as an additional option to eliminate allergens, germs, and viruses, ensuring a healthier environment. Back to Top Truck-mounts VS Dry Portable Carpet Cleaning Methods Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services Dry Carpet Cleaning Methods have their place as an interim wipe and some dirt off the surface. However, this is not an effective carpet cleaning. Beware if a cleaner claims they do Dry-Chem carbonated bonnet or encapsulation dry cleaning. All carpet cleaners use water in one way or another. Other dry cleaning companies leave chemical re-soiling residues behind while trying to clean your carpets with a large towel. Comparatively, it’s like trying to wash your hair with chemicals and a cloth. It is not an effective cleaning result. Therefore, it is only suitable as a light interim clean. The two steam carpet cleaning machines commonly used for hot water extraction are truck-mounted and portable. Portable Carpet Cleaning This is a more effective cleaning method for portable steam cleaners, ideal for high-rise or hard-to-reach areas,  than the encapsulating powder methods. A portable steam carpet cleaning unit is the cleaner you rent from your local shop. While it may seem okay to you, there should be an emphasis on “okay.” These types of equipment work similarly, but they are much less effective. A portable carpet cleaning unit plugs into a wall and only generates pressure, heat, and vacuum levels. Those three aspects of a team are the critical parts that make the cleaning effective. It limits how deep carpet cleaning can be. Truck-Mounted Carpet Cleaning Truck-mounted steam cleaners are the preferred choice for carpet cleaning due to their superior performance. These powerful units effectively remove cleaning solutions and soil, leaving carpets as dry as possible. They are also ideal for flood cleanup and drying, following Auckland Council guidelines. However, portable units are sometimes needed when the hoses from a truck-mounted unit do not reach the cleaning location. There is a vast difference in the cleaning level between truck-mounted and portable units. There are many different types and sizes of truck mount cleaner units. Significantly, Truck-mounted equipment is the most effective carpet cleaning method today. A truck-mounted unit is a heavy-duty, industrial-grade machine. It is petro or diesel-powered and can provide water temperatures under boiling, very high pressures, and a powerful vacuum. Thus, it will ensure a carpet cleaning deep down to the base. As well as vacuuming as much dirt, residue, and water as possible. Therefore, hire a carpet cleaning company that uses truck-mounted units to ensure the best cleaning results possible! Back to Top Process And Preparations Inspect the carpets to determine the best cleaning method for optimal results. Treat spots and perform stain removal as necessary. Perform a dry vacuum to remove loose dirt and debris. Move furniture as required (excluding large or heavy furniture). Clean the carpets using a professional method suited to the carpet type. Rake carpet fibres after cleaning to align them for an even appearance. Re-treat spots and stains if needed. Apply Teflon stain protection upon request. Place coasters under furniture legs to protect carpets during drying. Back to Top Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services uses select, powerful truck-mounted carpet cleaning units, similar to those used in the USA. The world’s largest carpet manufacturers recommend professional cleaning methods that align with Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) guidelines for maintaining indoor air quality. Thus, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has provided quality carpet cleaning services since 1987. We serve residential and commercial clients with high standards and attention to detail. Our company is known as a specialist in carpet cleaning. Also, we provide expert Persian Rug Cleaning and carpet stain protection services with a guarantee. Without a doubt, you’ll receive the best carpet cleaning service with satisfaction guaranteed from Steam ‘n’ Dry Services Thus, call us on 0800 783-266 or email us. Updated Last: 26 June 2025 By Graeme Stephens. (IICRC Master Restoration Technician) ← Blog Upholstery Cleaning →