Benefits Of Carpet Cleaning In Auckland With over 35 years of experience, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has been a trusted name in carpet cleaning throughout Auckland. Our exceptional proprietary equipment ensures long-term carpet cleaning benefits, leaving your carpets fresh, clean, and looking like new. Whether you’re moving into a new home or just want a refresh, carpet cleaning is usually a good idea. It not only improves the appearance of your carpets but also benefits your home and overall well-being in many ways. Almost all carpets take a beating. Of course, they get heavy traffic and can cause carpets to get flat and damaged. They are also at risk of spills, which can bring on staining if there are children or pets at home. The issue is that dirt, spills, and spots cause your carpets to look damaged. Furthermore, matting from traffic lanes, as a result, makes your carpet look bad. Proprietary big truck-mounted hot steam cleaners kill and remove viruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and pathogens if the heat is over 70 °C . Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry state-of-the-art truck-mounted cleaning units use 85 °C hot steam at the point of contact and the FDA and scientifically approved coronavirus elimination additional options. Carpet Cleaning Adds To Life Expectancy Do not worry. There’s a pretty easy answer to the problem. Have your carpets and area rugs cleaned so they’ll be good again. Carpet cleaning won’t just have your carpets looking good. It will also aid in extending their lives as well. And at the cost of all new carpets, every additional year you can gain is a value-added bonus. Deep cleaning cleans away soil, debris, and stains. Aside from that, it fluffs and lifts the pile in the carpet, allowing it to look fuller and newer. Another benefit of cleaning is to protect the carpet effectively, followed by cleaning with some stain guard protection. Finally, stain guards such as Scotchgard Teflon protect your fibres from stains and spots going into the carpet, and there will be no wicking back. At Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, we recommend using a Teflon stain shield. Truck-Mounted Carpet Cleaning Benefits Truck-mounted carpet cleaning improves indoor air quality by reducing bacteria, viruses, allergens, mould spores, biological contaminants, and airborne particles. Higher Hot Steam Water Temperatures The steam temperature is essential; the hotter the steam, the better results. Furthermore, truck-mounted carpet cleaners could reach higher cleaning temperatures, conveying water at temperatures up to 90 °C . The temperatures must go almost 90°C for better results, so the cleaning becomes more dynamic. Therefore, it allows the carpet cleaning technician to use fewer solutions, so the outcome is a cleaner rug, upholstery, mattress, and carpets without any remains. Our truck mount units exceed strict emission standards for industrial equipment and operate safely and efficiently outside your home. Indeed, your health and environment are essential to us. Some equipment will inevitably need to be used to achieve the desired end goals. A truck-mounted carpet cleaner is one such option that firms specialise in carpet cleaning in West, North Shore, East, West and South Auckland sanitisation. Truck-mounted Carpet Cleaners are used to restore the appearance of their clients’ carpets and prolong their lifespan. It does a seven times better job than smaller portable machines due to its bigger size and better performance. Health Benefits Of Hot Steam Carpet Cleaning Some consider hot steam carpet cleaning as luxurious. If done correctly and regularly scheduled, we can get actual health benefits. You might already know that the demand to clean up is high during “allergy season.” This includes doctors’ recommendations for hot steam carpet cleaning. This article lists specific health benefits of this carpet cleaning is practised periodically. 1. It is a natural solution. Hot steam carpet cleaning uses fewer chemicals than the traditional method. Indeed, you don’t have to worry about your plants, pets, or kids’ side effects. Hot steam carpet cleaning is also a proven, eco-friendly method. With few chemical usages, only a natural solution gets down the drain. Without realising it, you’re also avoiding additional environmental pollution. 2. It gets rid of trapped pollutants. A few pollutants on dirty carpets include volatile organic compounds from cigarette smoking, paint, cleaning supplies, building materials, furnishings, graphics, and craft materials, among others. With kids in the house, we cannot prevent pollutants from piling up, especially on carpets. The best way to eliminate them is with hot steam carpet cleaning. It completely removes these trapped pollutants and ensures a healthier living environment. 3. It clears out dust mite infestations. Microscopic dust mites are everywhere in the house and offices, especially on carpets. These mites live in moist and warm environments and feed on human skin flakes, fungi, pet dander, pollen, and bacteria. Besides regular vacuuming, hot steam carpet cleaning clears these dust mite infestations as they do not survive in extremely high temperatures. 4. It helps prevent mould growth. Moulds are also a great source of allergens. They trigger allergic reactions a lot. Carpets are prone to mould growth if proper cleaning is not maintained. To help prevent mould growth , schedule a hot steam carpet cleaning . Moisture builds up on carpets, especially during the rainy or winter season. When you keep your carpet dry, you also prevent mould growth. As soon as you notice moisture, make sure you either find an effective DIY method to keep it dry or call for a professional carpet drying service . 5. It acts as a natural deodoriser. Unwanted smells sometimes trigger allergic reactions. Hot steam carpet cleaning uses hot water vapour of about 220ºF. Water vapour is a natural deodoriser as it does not contain chemical odours. You can be assured of only a clean, allergy-free environment. Doctors recommend periodic hot steam carpet cleaning before the “allergy season” starts. Make sure to schedule it with the right carpet cleaning Auckland service team. There are ways to check the credibility of the team you’re entrusting, the health of your family, and the safety of your carpets. Take time to do research. For more questions about hot steam carpet cleaning health benefits, comment below; we’d happily address them. Clean Carpet Means A Healthier Home Customers seeking carpet cleaning services should opt for cleaners that leave no residue and are safe for all carpet fibres. Given that the use of harsh chemicals is unnecessary. Natural cleaners are better for your health, family, and the environment, but offer a more sustainable option. Additionally, it is important to explore various cleaning available, so conducting thorough research is advisable. Indeed, cleaning your carpets can also contribute to improved air quality in your home. Research has shown that professional carpet cleaning kills dust mites and germs by more than 75%. It also removes cat allergens and mould spores by over 80% from soft furnishings. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning technicians use the best cleaning solution, such as citrus-based cleaners and large truck mount cleaning units, so germs and allergens are exhausted and waste air is outside. Modern Carpet Cleaners Modern cleaning methods have come quite some distance from the systems of only a decade ago. Certainly, Steam equipment, such as the big truck mount units from Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning, efficiently lifts and eliminates nearly every type of soiling. In addition, this modern hi-tech equipment can also vacuum water, giving a drier finish. As a result, carpets are dried immediately and still have a fresh smell and a new look. For Auckland carpet cleaning benefits, contact 0800 783-266 or email us. Your Local Carpet Cleaning Service Areas Auckland City Auckland Cbd , Epsom , Herne Bay , Mt Eden , Newmarket , Ponsonby , Parnell , Westhaven North Shore Albany , Birkdale , Birkenhead , Browns Bay , Devonport , East Coast Bays , Glenfield , Greenhithe , North Auckland , North Harbour , Milford , Murrays Bay , Takapuna West Auckland Glendene , Glen Eden , Henderson , Hobsonville , Massey , Mt Albert , Mt Roskill , New Lynn , Point Chevalier , Te Atatu , Titirangi , Waitakere City , West Habour South Auckland East Tamaki , Greenlane , Mangere , Manukau , Manurewa , Mt Wellington , Onehunga , Otahuhu , Otara , Papatoetoe , Penrose , Pukekohe , Papakura East Auckland Bucklands Beach , Botany , Dannemora , Eastern Bays , Eastern Suburbs , Ellerslie , Glen Innes , Halfmoon Bay , Howick , Panmure , Pakuranga , Remuera St Johns Hibiscus Coast Helensville , Dairy Flat , Orewa , Rodney District , Silverdale , Wairewa , Warkworth , Whangaparaoa Updated Last: 26 June 2025 By Graeme Stephens. (IICRC Master Technician) ← Contact Us Westhaven Auckland Carpet Cleaning in Auckland →