Expert Carpet Cleaning In Auckland Service Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning in Auckland has provided quality carpet cleaning services since 1987. Therefore, we use the most superior truck-mounted carpet cleaning services in Auckland. We also use portable carpet cleaning units for apartments or hard-to-reach high-rise Auckland City Central areas. With over 36 years of carpet cleaning services, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry offers you the best cleaning possible, or it’s free! Proprietary truck-mounted hot steam cleaning units kill viruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and other pathogens if the steam is over 70 °C . For peace of mind, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry truck-mounted cleaning units use 85 °C hot steam at the point of contact and have an FDA-approved 99.9% to kill COVID-19 issues and eliminate additional options. A truck-mounted carpet cleaner is one of the tools used by professional carpet cleaning companies to restore the appearance of their clients’ carpets and extend their lifespan. As the name suggests, this machine will typically be attached to either the van’s floor or a trailer, and these cleaning systems generally have hot water running through them to “steam clean” the carpet. Concealed inside the firm’s van, if you speak to any contractor in Boulder specialising in cleaning carpets, oriental rugs, or upholstery, they will likely tell you that a truck-mounted system offers many benefits over other equipment intended for these purposes. Virus And Bacteria Disinfecting Carpets are any property’s most enormous bacterial sinkhole. Proprietary truck mounts generate over 70 °C hot steam cleaners that kill and remove viruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and other pathogens from carpets, mattresses, and upholstery. Carpet Cleaning Service Methods We provide the following methods to clean your carpet: Truck Mount. More vacuum, hotter steam, and PSI mean a superior seven times better carpet cleaning. Therefore, Auckland Steam ‘n’Dry uses this method by default. Portable. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaner uses portable units, voted the world’s best mobile carpet cleaning unit , for apartments and high-rise buildings because it has good twin vacuums and an inboard heater for hot steam up to 500 PSI. Dry Chem. Dry Chem involves treating your carpet with chemicals and using a towel to absorb the dirt. While it can be effective, this method is best suited for interim cleaning rather than deep restoration. Encapsulation. Apply a sticky powder over your fibres, then vacuum it up; some dirt sticks to the powder. It could be more effective, so they only recommend this as an interim clean in the busy office. Carpet Cleaning Experience Graeme Stephens , the owner of Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services, has been internationally certified in all aspects of restoration and cleaning. To a point, in 2001, he was certified as a “ Master Restoration Technician. ” Indeed, Graeme has trained and certified our staff to the same high carpet cleaning standards . Auckland Service Advice Regular carpet cleaning in Auckland is helpful to preserve the life of your carpet. Use products for the type of stain you’re dealing with. If you have pets, stock up on pet-specific products to handle any messes they may cause. Most importantly, deal with spills, stain removal and pet messes as quickly as possible, as some soil can get into the carpeting fibres and become permanent. Therefore, carpet cleaning results will be better. Specifically, the best way to prolong the life of your carpet is by thoroughly and regularly cleaning it. Just remember also to pay great attention to heavily travelled and crushed areas. This expert information is to help you make an informed decision for your next carpet cleaning. For the professionals from Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services, call 0800 110 282 or email us. Updated Last: 30 June 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Carpet Cleaning Benefits Contact Us Albany, North Shore →