Guaranteed Carpet Cleaning In Auckland With over 35 years of experience, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning  Services has provided carpet cleaning guarantee service since 1987. We specialise in cleaning carpets, upholstery, and area rugs to your satisfaction, all at the agreed-upon price. Our expertise is backed by proprietary truck mount cleaners and superior equipment, ensuring exceptional results in West Auckland, North Shore, East Auckland, South Auckland, and the Hibiscus Coast. If you’re not completely satisfied with our carpet cleaning service, we will: Re-clean Re-clean the area to your satisfaction. If, by any unlikely chance, you remain dissatisfied with the clean results, our Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners  will: Refund Refund your money. In the unlikely scenario of any damage caused by any of our  Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning  Services, we will: Repair Repair the damage at its value. If the carpet is unable to be repaired, our professional technicians will: Rectify Correctly fix the problem by crediting you with the item’s actual cash value toward replacing a like-kind item from a Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland source. Guaranteed Carpet Cleaning Using our superior truck mount equipment and over 35 years of experience, it is rare that a problem arises. Indeed, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland has confidence in our cleaners’ abilities. In any case, we can offer you a bright, bold carpet cleaning guarantee. Aside from that, we work with a high carpet cleaning standard of the IICRC Field Guide for Safety and Health for Professional Cleaners and the Consumer Protection and Guarantee Act. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry also offers a no-hassle 7-day carpet cleaning guarantee. Our regular working days are Monday to Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. and Saturday from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. For all other hours, we also have an after-hours emergency service. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners has proudly provided professional carpet cleaning services since 1987. Our services include stain removal , truck-mounted and portable units, carpet steam cleaning, dry cleaning, rug and mat steam cleaning, as well as residential and commercial work. We also offer dehumidifier hire in Auckland, professional services like Teflon stain protection, and carpet cleaning franchise opportunities. Our Superior Truck-Mount Units use 80°C Hot Steam that kills Coronaviruses, Bacteria, Dust Mites and Germs in West Auckland, North Shore, East and South Auckland. Thus, this expert information is to help you make an informed decision for your next carpet cleaning. For the professionals at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning  Services, call 0800 110 282 or email us . Updated Last: 27 June 2025 By GRAEME STEPHENS . An IICRC Master Restoration Technician in 2001. Back to Top ← Buying Carpet Tips Carpet Drying Service →