What our clients say… Jon and Maxine Howson Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Hib Coast Posted on Google Nick completed an upholstery clean and applied a dupont teflon protection. He did an amazing job. I am happy that my dining room chairs look as good as new, again. I will certainly get Nick back to clean our carpet. Happy customer. James Chong 156 Whangaparoa Road, Hibiscus Coast Highway, Auckland 0930, New Zealand Posted on Google Highly recommended carpet cleaning and pest control service. Top notch and reliable. Shrine Salvador 320 Lake Road, Hauraki, Auckland 0622, New Zealand Posted on Google Excellent and friendly, service at reasonable prices. Steam n Dry Auckland Carpet Cleaning has given us the service for several years. Highly recommended and is a local company. The carpets look like new ones even those that have some stains. Kendell Jenner 654 Dominion Road, Mount Eden, Auckland 1041, New Zealand Posted on Google Very knowledgeable about carpets, stains and what home remedies to use. I’ll be calling again in the future. I’m sure! Ellen Keiton 654 Dominion Road, Mount Eden, Auckland 1041, New Zealand Posted on Google I had Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaning out today and they did a fantastic job, carpets are clean and smell great.  They texted when they were heading out and arrived on time.  Philip and Steve did a thorough job and were very polite and friendly.  I am very pleased with their service and will recommend to friends looking for a carpet cleaning. Thanks guys! Adellie Ross 320 Lake Road, Hauraki, Auckland 0622, New Zealand Posted on Google Called this company and they responded quickly and with a great attitude. They cleaned my basement carpet so well I thought it was new.  I’m really satisfied with the price and quality of their work. Will use again! M Mrs. Maree O’Neill North Shore, Auckland Review on Google Hi there – On Wednesday this week, the 1st of February 2017, we had our carpets and chairs cleaned by Phillip, who does the North Shore. I want to inform you that he pleases us with his job. He was punctual, amiable, and efficient in his work. He did our carpets about three years ago and delighted us then; therefore, we request that he clean again next time. I would recommend this man to anyone wanting their carpets cleaned. Undoubtedly, he works with high international carpet cleaning standards. Regards (Mrs) Maree O’Neill. North Shore, Auckland. A Anne Thomson Review on Google Dear Gavin Sorry, I could not attend on Thursday and offered you a drink. The carpet looks and feels fantastic. As always, you did a great job and were a professional carpet cleaner. For this reason, I will write you excellent carpet cleaning reviews. And I have enclosed a small tip in appreciation. Buy yourself a drink on me. Have a good Christmas. See you next time. Best Wishes, Anne Thomson P Phil & Sara Sheehan Review on Google Thanks so much. Your team did an excellent job in carpet cleaning and was a very professional, certified carpet cleaner Technician. Kind regards, Phil & Sara Sheehan R Rob McKnight Review on Google Hi Thanks for sending Mick; he was an outstanding contractor, knew his stuff and did an exceptional job. The best carpet cleaner that has expert training in IICRC. Regards, Rob McKnight J John Henwood Review on Google Thanks, Mary Please also thank your whole team very much for all the help they gave us. So efficient, practical, and helpful, making what was a significant trauma for us much easier to bear. We look forward to our carpet being cleaned on the 11th of May. We recommend Steam n Dry as a licensed carpet cleaning company and a certified technician, IICRC. Regards Jane & John Henwood I Ivana and Aaron Gordine Review on Google Hi there We just had our couches and mats done by Phillip. And it was great! He was undoubtedly a professionally trained carpet cleaner.  Is he free to come to our new property on the phone next Wednesday? B Bridget Baker Review on Google Dear Steam n Dry team Thank you so much for sending a reminder invoice. Now been paid, so it will hopefully be in your account on Monday. My sincere apologies for the delay. I thought I had paid for this before Christmas but realised I had not! The carpets clean very well, and they delight us with the results. I highly recommend you for working to the high international industry standard (which makes it even more embarrassing that I forgot to put the payment through. – so sorry!) Thanks again Kind regards, Bridget Baker M Michael Stretton Review on Google Carpets cleaned in a four-bedroom, two-story house with a one-bedroom self-contained unit. It also requires cleaning a 3pce lounge suite. Indeed, our home carpet is cleaned well by the Steam n Dry professional carpet cleaners. All done – great job. I will recommend you for doing such excellent residential carpet cleaning. Regards Michael Stretton N Natasha Review on Google Hi Mary, Your expert carpet cleaner did an excellent job today; our carpet looks new! He’s specialist training to the high industry standard of CRI. Please pass on our thanks. Many thanks Natasha M Myshka Wallberg Review on Google Hi Mary Thanks for sending Keith; the lounge suite looks better already. Your company is worth recommending because of your spotless carpet cleaning. Aside from being fully certified in the carpet cleaning industry, you also respond immediately. Kind regards Myshka J Joanna van der Sluis Review on Google Good morning I want to say what a great job Gavin did for us today. What a lovely friendly, professional person he is. And the best carpet cleaners for me. He told me it is his 21st anniversary of working for you today. What an asset he must be to your company. I do hope you recognise the incredible achievement of long service from him. A bottle of bubbly, perhaps! Excellent carpet cleaning business in Auckland! Kind regards, Joanna van der Sluis R Rebecca Macky Review on Google Good Afternoon Auckland Carpet Cleaning, I recently had some carpet installed under job number 122828; I believe the installer was Craig. Working in the customer service industry, I know how crucial feedback is, so I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your impressive carpet installation professional service. First of all, I called up requesting my carpet installed on 2 February 2014; Furthermore, I returned home that night to see the job was immaculate. The carpet linearly lay and cut to fit the pattern facing the other way. They informed me about this, although I could hardly see the difference due to the quality of my work. Thanks for sorting this issue out; therefore, it is much appreciated. Please extend my thanks to the management and the installer: high carpet repairs reviews, guys. Regards Matthew Game-Ricketts D David Anderson Review on Google Hi Mary, Phil did a great job, so the carpet has become a treat. Therefore, he provides me with excellent carpet treatment solutions. By having trained to the highest international standards, CRI 204/205. For this reason, I am confident he can do his job quickly and effectively. Thanks. Kind regards David Anderson d/d: 820 1548 G Fyfe Sails Review on Google Dear Mary, I want to thank Graeme Stephens and Rose for drying out my flood. I was so concerned about future mould problems. They have done an excellent flood service, carpeting drying, and the walls, etc. And I will give them good carpet drying reviews. I have told my insurance company how pleased I am. Please tell them. Best Regards Fyfe Sails M Marcus Tetro Review on Google Good Day Carpet Cleaning Auckland To say thanks for the excellent carpet cleaning service. And for your fast response and for working to the highest industry standard . Worth it service! Also, I have paid this invoice, $189.00 + GST = $217.35, incl GST, today. Kind regards, Marcus F Fran Mcdermott Review on Google Thanks. Can we please have the man who came previously? He did such a superb carpet cleaning job and followed the government standards . Do you have on file which it was? I would like him back, please. Fran McDermott G Dave Anderson Review on Google Hi Mary The guy did a great job of cleaning our place yesterday. I wish I had heard from you earlier as our previous steam cleaners have done unsatisfactory jobs. Thank you for working to the highest carpet cleaning standards and ensuring a clean and healthy environment. Cheers Dave K Kim Galbraith Review on Google Good Day Auckland Steam n Dry Hi. I made payment of our invoice 605917 for $138.00 electronically this morning. Keith did a fantastic job removing the nail polish spilled on our carpet. A significant spill, not just a drop! I can give you excellent stain removal reviews. He was a pleasure to deal with from the moment I met him. He was a very professional and certified stain remover and personable. He is a fantastic ambassador for your company. And, because of Keith, when our carpets require cleaning, I will contact you in the hope of getting him to do the job. Thank you so much for the quick, efficient, also friendly service. J Jennifer Barnes Review on Google Good Evening Mary Job # 115569, I have transferred $136.85, including GST, into your bank account for the steam cleaning I received from Gavin today. Gavin was a pleasure, friendly, and did an excellent carpet cleaning job . Now my carpet looks like new! So, I will be calling on Gavin in the future to clean my carpet again. Thanks so much J.n S Sandra Robinson Review on Google Good Day Auckland Carpet Cleaning I want to thank Dale for doing fantastic carpet repairs; his expertise and training in IICRC can help him do the job. I’m so happy that there is no need to replace the carpet soon. Kind regards, Sandra A Anna Review on Google Hi Stephanie I just wanted to say that Graeme did such a professional flood-drying job, and the carpets came up high; also, there was no smell. Thanks again! You deserve an excellent flood carpet reviews Cheers, Anna S Marny Simmons Review on Google Good Day Auckland Steam n Dry I want to say thanks for the perfect steam clean—the best carpet clean I’ve ever had. And who follows the Environmental Protection Agency for the safer choice of carpet cleaning products. Kind regards, Marny V Valma Sherwin Review on Google Good Day Steam n Dry! Can you please thank Dale and Kieth for such a lovely upholstery cleaning? He was indeed a certified upholstery technician : high upholstery cleaning reviews to you guys. Good job! Regards, Valma G Geoff Review on Google Good Afternoon! I just wanted to thank you for the excellent carpet cleaning service. Paul cleaned my carpet very well. I know he is certified and has expert training in IICRC to do such good service. Thank you, Geoff H Hayley Review on Google Hi Mary Ire with the job you guys did on our carpet. It looks brand new! Also, your teamwork and following the Auckland carpet cleaning standard make the job easy and well done. Because of this, you deserve a significant carpet cleaning review. Thank you! Much obliged. Hayley V Vanessa Review on Google Hi Graeme I just wanted to thank you for the excellent service. Thus, I can’t remember the guy’s name who cleaned my carpet, but he was friendly and gave excellent service. I never regret hiring such certified and well-trained carpet cleaners. Deserve a highly cleaned carpet review. Thank you, Vanessa A Anonymous Review on Google The Auckland Steam n Dry Cleaning cleaned the carpets in all four rooms of my rental home . The technician pre-treated all spots and thoroughly steam-cleaned each room. I found the company listed on google carpet cleaning reviews with many positive reports, so I decided to try them. The Auckland Steam n Dry Cleaning receptionist was highly professional on the phone, so we immediately scheduled the steam cleaning service with the offer of the whole-house special of $129. The cleaning technician, Gavin, arrived punctually and was thorough, personable, also professional. I highly recommend them! C Connie Spickelmier Review on Google Dear Graeme, I wish to comment on the fabulous carpet cleaning job that Philip did cleaning the carpets in my rental! He was a thorough, personable, and yet professional carpet cleaner . Please give him my regards! I will highly recommend Auckland Carpet Steam n Dry in the future. Thanks for sending the invoice. Sincerely, Connie Spickelmier R Rob Baxley Review on Google Clean Carpets Reviews As a real estate professional, I need reliable vendors who do great work at a reasonable price. I have been recommending Graeme and Auckland Steam n Dry Cleaning to my clients for years. Also, they are so happy with the referral; it makes me look good. I also have been using them in my own home. Therefore, I couldn’t be more pleased with their clean carpet jobs, the price, or the professionalism. The family room and stairwell carpet were both clean. After the situation, the carpet looked almost new. Many areas showed wear from daily traffic and a space where coffee spilled onto the fabric since Auckland Steam n Dry is a certified and licensed stain removal technician following the CRI standards. The job was more than my expectations. I also had them give me an estimate for our main bedroom and bath, which I intend to have done shortly. Thanks for the excellent work. I am incredibly pleased. Member Comments: Our scheduled job was for 9 AM. Philip arrived at 8:30 AM and was ready to review the areas that needed cleaning to provide an estimate. If we were unhappy with the assessment, that would have been the end. J Joyce Romine Review on Google The estimate was more than reasonable, especially given the quality of the job. Philip did advise that the area with the coffee stain may take longer to dry since he had to treat the area more than once. I am pleased and will contact these steam cleaners shortly to clean the main bedroom and bath since they work in high AS/NZS 3733:2018 standards , where I can guarantee quality service. I had the carpets cleaned in two rooms and a carpeted staircase. Member Comments: I decided only to clean two rooms and see how the work went. Not only was the job well done, but the spots seemed to disappear in one-time cleanings. And only to come back when the carpet dried gone and has not come back. Hooray! The carpet dried more quickly than steam cleaning companies I have used before. Overall, I would call this a VERY GOOD job and will certainly use this company again. C Cynthia Poonamallee Review on Google Carpet cleaning throughout the home. Comments: Very professional, quality work, so straightforward to contact. Whole house steam cleaning. Comments: My experience with Wayne’s service 1 was excellent! I called him after hours on Saturday. He had time to do the job on Sun. Also, he showed up when he said he would, completed the job, and understood everything I was saying; as a result, he did what I wanted him to do. Thank you, Steam n Dry carpet cleaning, for your expertise and working to the high international industry standard . It was an excellent experience carpet cleaning service. M Maggie Walker Review on Google My carpets look great and new again. What an excellent 24/7 steam cleaning service! Friendly and courteous steam cleaners who follow the New Zealand Qualification Authority standard . I love how they clean my carpets! I will hire them again. L Laura Nonnenmacher Review on Google We were moving out of a rental and needed the whole house (2 stories and a stairway) cleaned. Auckland Steam n Dry could schedule my steam cleaning on short notice (2 days). The carpet cleaner arrived on time and gave me a reasonable estimate; it took about 2 hours to do the whole house. The carpet looks great, and the technician was friendly, also, professional. Also, they work to high carpet cleaning government standards .  I’ll call this company again, for sure! T Tina Lucas Review on Google Auckland Steam n Dry cleaned our carpet, Persian rugs, and couches in the family room; he cleaned the entire entranceway and half-bath marble. A large plant had been sitting in the entranceway, and the plant left a sizeable hard water stain, which Auckland Steam n Dry discovered when they moved the plant to clean the marble. Indeed, Auckland Steam n Dry follow the BSR/IICRC S210 Standard for Dimension Stone Maintenance and Restoration. They got down on their knees and worked the stain out of the marble! After the entire marble floor was clean, Auckland Steam n Dry polished it; now, our carpeting, rugs, couches, and marble floor look excellent – thanks to Wayne Stanley. Comments: Everything was done with pride, also, professionalism. Our superb team and I would recommend it to anyone. They were punctual, even professional. It’s amazing how clean they could get our tile entryway. It looked like it was brand new. They also did a lovely job on the steam cleaning. I can give them a high rug cleaning review. C Casper Matson Review on Google Cleaned, deodorised, repaired, and reinstalled the family room carpet. Comments: My family room carpet had a pet stain and a faint odour. I ripped it up to view the damage underneath and pulled up the underlay. My attempts to clean it only ruined the carpet, creating a noxious ammonia odour. I thought I would have to replace the entire carpet in that room. Ron assessed the damage and reassured me that he could fix the problem. He cleaned, deodorised the carpet and installed a new pad underneath. Auckland Steam n Dry is a licensed and expert training in Carpet Installation Standards 104 Ron then repaired the areas I damaged when I pulled the carpets up and meticulously reinstalled the entire region. The smell returned in one place; he came back and retreated it. I had all the carpets in my house cleaned and some specific stains treated. Member Comments: Excellent job. I would use them again. Graeme and Dale were very responsive. J Jennifer Kirsten Review on Google Excellent experience. The price was very reasonable. Their responsiveness, punctuality & professionalism was exceptional. Member Comments: Auckland Steam n Dry was punctual & did outstanding steam cleaning. And also, they follow the Carpet and Rug Industry Standards , which is more important. Again Thank you, guys!! R ROBERT NILSSON Review on Google Member Comments: Exceptional service from beginning to end. Graeme, the owner, returned my initial call very quickly and thoroughly explained their services. Wayne, their lead carpet cleaning technician , did the job, and, called before arriving, therefore, went over everything before starting to work. If we had known about Auckland Steam n Dry Cleaning before, we wouldn’t have waited so long to have our carpets cleaned! S SCOTT SMITH Review on Google Carpet cleaning in the hallway and living room. These guys were great! Very professional, also fast. Two guys showed up, therefore, immediately got to work. I had already moved most furniture out of the room, to which Auckland Steam n Dry expressed gratitude. As a result, one guy went to the truck, got a strip of carpet tack and puller, and properly affixed the carpet. Auckland Steam n Dry didn’t ask for anything additional for the extra work! In addition, they work to the highest international industry standard on how to care for the carpet . I was very impressed. Great carpet care reviews. I will use them again! R Randy Hall Review on Google I cleaned carpets in my new house a few days before I moved in. Member Comments: Stuart was highly professional, so easy to get in touch with my phone (even after hours). I called him a few days before I needed the work done, and he happily agreed. He told me that Auckland Steam n Dry had a special carpet rate for three rooms at $89 + any remaining rooms and hallways. Indeed, Auckland Steam n Dry Pricing and Production Rates are cheap and affordable. When I was pulling into my new neighbourhood in Torbay. Then I received a call from Mary. She apologised and let me know Auckland Steam n Dry was maybe 30 minutes late. I told him I wouldn’t be able to wait around, so I hid a key, furthermore, headed back to Sac. He called me later that evening saying they could not make it out there but asked if they could do it the following day for a flat rate of $89.00! C Chris Anderson Review on Google Auckland Steam Clean Reviews The other issue I had was that after we moved in. Our neighbour came by and said we better check our fire alarms. Because they went off like crazy for 24hrs after the carpet guys left! This slip in professionalism dinged Auckland Steam n Dry from an A to a B. Regarding quality, the carpets were in a pretty good condition, to begin with, but it still looked like they did lovely steam clean. My carpets were soft and fluffy when we moved in! I will use Auckland Steam n Dry again because their advanced carpet cleaning service helps them to have a good result. However, I will ensure I’m living in the house first! For this reason, I will give them high Auckland steam clean reviews. P Phillip Darling Review on Google Auckland Steam Cleaning Review Hi Good Day! They stood behind their steam cleaning work and cared for us very well. They are following the Floor coverings – Resilient sheet and tiles – Installation practices. Apart from that, I am one of the satisfied Auckland Steam n Dry customers. And I will hire them again and give them a good Auckland steam cleaning review. E Elaine Review on Google I have a large tiled area in the kitchen and eating area that needed cleaning, furthermore, sealing. Auckland Steam n Dry came out quickly, therefore, did a thorough, professional job. The tile and grout look so much better now because of the help of a qualified carpet cleaning technician in IICRC . I am ready for the holidays. I highly recommend this company and their services. Very friendly, also reliable as well. G Gina Review on Google Outstanding Job! Auckland Steam n Dry carpet cleaning does a great job and follows the Occupational Safety and Health Administration standards in the cleaning industry. Auckland Steam n Dry is a fast & friendly carpet cleaning service that you know will give a clean, quality result!! Their large truck-mounted steam cleaners generate considerably to kill coronaviruses and bacteria. For this reason, I am very grateful to this company because they give me a 100% guarantee service. D Dave Review on Google Auckland Steam Carpet Cleaning Reviews Hello Good Day! I rent out a home in the Mt Wellington area. Before the latest tenants took occupancy, I replaced the carpet throughout the house. The tenants were only there for a few months but had destroyed the carpet. With the economy the way it is, replacing the carpet would have strained my finances. I decided to give Auckland Steam n Dry steam cleaning a shot. Since Auckland Steam n Dry is a well-experienced company and follows the Residential Tenancies Authority . A friend of mine had used these carpet cleaners and highly recommended their services. When I phoned the company to inquire about the cost, the staff understood my plight. I explained that I reside in the bay area. Therefore, I needed someone I could rely on. I was shocked at the house quickly. He got a crew out to my house to clean the carpets, but I was even MORE surprised at how my carpeting came out. It was back to normal! Auckland Steam n Dry also managed to get the candle wax out of the carpeting! I still don’t know how they managed that! I will never use anyone other than Auckland Carpet Steam n Dry Carpet cleaning again, also highly recommended Steam carpet cleaning reviews for them! Thanks, guys! It was delivered on their promise! A Adam Review on Google Auckland Carpet Cleaners Reviews Hi! I am happy to say that Auckland Carpet Steam n Dry Cleaning delivered on their promise, excellent service with great cleaning! Nice to know that the old way of doing business has not died! And they follow the National Carpet Cleaners Association . I highly recommend these Carpet Cleaners and give them high and good Auckland carpet cleaner reviews… G Graeme Webb Review on Google Carpet Cleaner Auckland Reviews Hi! Auckland Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaners has done a fantastic job for me numerous times. One time I flooded my front room, and within twenty minutes of calling them, someone showed up to suck all the water out of my front room. I thought Auckland Steam n Dry would charge me hundreds of dollars for the emergency work, but to my surprise, the charges were quite reasonable. Auckland Steam n Dry is always very courteous and helpful when they come to clean my carpets. And a qualified New Zealand Qualification Authority Standard. I would recommend them to anyone, including my own family. Auckland Carpet Steam n Dry Cleaning One is the Best Carpet Cleaner that I have ever had clean my carpets. High carpet cleaner Auckland reviews for you guys. Quality Service! K Kari Review on Google Customer Service Reviews Good Day! Auckland Carpet Steam n Dry Cleaning is the only carpet cleaner I refer to my friends and family. They do beautiful carpet cleaning jobs and tile, but more importantly, Auckland Steam n Dry provides the best customer service. It’s nice to know that when I refer them to people, I know Auckland Steam n Dry is in good hands. So I wish to give them the best customer service reviews. C Mr. Charles Review on Google Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaning & Tile Cleaning Reviews Hello! My carpet was cleaned by Auckland Steam n Dry Carpet & Tile Cleaning the other day, and I was floored by how great they look; they look brand new again. They did a better job than anybody else I have ever used. They were professional, friendly, reasonably priced, certified, followed the BSR/IICRC S210 Standard , and I will never use anybody else again! Good tile cleaning reviews Outstanding Service N Nancy Review on Google Hi! They do a fantastic job!! I will recommend Auckland Carpet Steam n Dry to everyone that I know. They were certified in Certificate III in Cleaning Operations . They were professional, reliable and detail-oriented. I’ll give you superior carpet cleaning reviews. S Shirley Review on Google Hello! Auckland Carpet Steam n Dry is hands down the best if you have ever worked. Not only do they leave your carpets squeaky clean, but Auckland Steam n Dry has also come to my rescue with water damage removal in my home. They were able to get all the water out, also, to prevent additional damage. And they follow the ANSI/IICRC S500 Standard for Professional Water Damage Restoration (2021). Only the best in the entire Auckland whole region!!! Amazing E Elk Grove Review on Google Good Day! I still can’t believe I don’t have to replace the carpeting! The carpet was restored by Steam n Dry Auckland carpet repair service; I wish I had done it sooner. Auckland Carpet Steam n Dry is a certified and professional carpet repair in Auckland. I will never lose your number! F FRANKLIN & JULIANA LUM Review on Google Auckland Stain Removal Reviews Hi! Graeme and a helper came to clean all the carpets for our 200 sqm. House, including all five bedrooms, living/dining area, family room, hallways (2x downstairs & upstairs), and all the stairs for us before we moved into our house. Auckland Steam n Dry was swift. It took them about a little over an hour. Graeme offered to come back to do touch-ups after the movers moved all our things in. He returned to do a free touch-up about two weeks later; he re-cleaned all the high-traffic areas, so all the stairs after the movers came. My daughter also poured three bottles of Elmer glue on new pet urine. He charged me $80 for the removal of the adhesive, also, pet urine. He cleaned out all he could see that day. Best of all, he came back for the 3rd time. Therefore, he took out the rest of the glue spots for free. We had an excellent experience. I’d recommend Steam n Dry as the top carpet cleaner. Also, he is very prompt, furthermore, professional. They work with high CRI Standards for SOA Solutions . I’d use him again when I need carpet cleaning and Auckland stain removal reviews. T TAMMY LATOUR Review on Google The carpet & upholstery cleaning service was excellent. Auckland Steam n Dry arrived right on time, friendly, and gracious. They were respectful of my home and finished promptly. Auckland Steam n Dry made the whole experience pleasant and worry-free. Indeed, they also follow the Upholstery Cleaning – Standard Catalogue . Auckland upholstery cleaning reviews. My carpeting looks cleaner than ever. L LESLIE HAYNES Review on Google Had he come to our empty duplex for the second time in 6 months (tenant vacancy)? He cleaned carpets in the living room, dining room, hallway, main bedroom, also guest bedroom in one hour, from start to finish. His assistant worked on stains in the dining/living area. Indeed, they follow the Healthy Home Standards. The carpeting looked brand new when Auckland Steam n Dry was finished. (It was an upgrade carpeting purchased only 2-1/2 years ago, though it looked much older before Service 1).Member Comments: Since Mary answered our particular questions over the phone before he came out, he set up promptly when he arrived & went straight to work. Best clean carpet reviews from me. M Mike Review on Google Our wool carpet in our downstairs flat is 5 yrs old, so we need a damn good clean. The kitchen lounge area is a little bit matted and soiled from foot traffic; Pets also spilled food. The total is about 40 sqm. Indeed, Auckland Steam n Dry follow the Woolsafe Approval for cleaning products . Thanks, Mary Phil completed the carpet cleaning task so well today. I appreciate the prompt response and professional service; thank you all. Mike G NAME REPLACE Review on Google REPLACE DESC1 Read more → Carpet Cleaning Reviews Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services prides itself on our valued customers’ best carpet cleaning reviews. Therefore, we are the company you can trust! Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, established in 1987, is renowned for its exceptional carpet cleaning services, commitment to transparency, and unwavering principles, positioning us as the leading privately owned carpet cleaning business in New Zealand . We will do our best to provide outstanding, highest-world-standard services to fulfil and complement our clients’ needs to the best of our abilities. Generally, we at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry offer carpet cleaning and other services such as upholstery, flood restoration, carpet repairs, pest control, disinfecting and sanitising. Also, our team has extensive training to maintain carpeted floors and remove carpet stains . Subsequently, customers deserve professionalism! Customers deserve respect whenever someone comes into their home to provide a service, and we are committed to upholding that standard. As a professional carpet cleaning company, we believe it’s important to maintain professionalism both during the appointment and beyond. Indeed, we Love What We Do, And So Will You! Hence, as proof of our dedication to doing our jobs, here are some reviews from our satisfied customers. Read what our clients have to say: See our 5- Star Online Customer Reviews Auckland Central Google Reviews Yellow Pages Reviews Facebook Reviews South Auckland Google Reviews Yelp Reviews No Cowboys Reviews North Shore Google Reviews West Auckland Google Reviews Hibiscus Coast Google Reviews Trademe Service Reviews Carpet Cleanings Reviews – Steam n Dry Professional “Such a thorough, professional carpet cleaning job , thanks again, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry” – Sandra. “I was going to replace my dirty-looking carpets before Gavin transformed them. I’m so happy. Because my carpets look like new again. Thanks so much, guys!” – Debbie “The carpet looks great, too. Therefore, I will be recommending you. Excellent Job” – Peter Updated Last: 01 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens Our Location See Your Local Area Contact Number, Details, and Reviews Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 3767007 129 Howe St, Freemans Bay, Auckland City Cbd 1011 West Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 8374545 Triangle Rd, Massey, West Auckland 0610 North Shore City: Google Reviews 09 4897784 Old Lake Rd, Narrow Neck, North Shore Auckland 0627 South Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 2620720 Redoubt Rd, Goodwood Heights, South Auckland 2016 East Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 5200062 162 Pakuranga Rd, Pakuranga, East Auckland 2010 Hibiscus Coast: Google Reviews 09 4265008 Riverside Road, Orewa, Hibiscus Coast, Auckland 0931