Carpet Cleaning FAQs Our carpet cleaning FAQs provide helpful information to address your concerns. And it will also give you the knowledge you need about your carpet cleaning needs. Carpet Cleaning Frequently Asked Questions: How much time will it take to do my carpet cleaning? A. It takes around 60 to 90 minutes to clean the carpets in a typical home. Why is it recommended to keep your carpets and upholstery cleaned regularly? A.  Vacuuming carpets removes the surface dirt and contaminants and gives them a fresher look. However, the carpet fibres become soiled with ground-in dirt and oils from daily life, spills, children, pets, and other causes. If left undisturbed, these contaminants affect not only the appearance of your carpet. Also, they cause it to wear out faster. Most importantly, they can pose health risks, especially to people with allergies or asthma and small children. Spending ample time on the floor is the best approach to promote a healthier home, involving augmenting your regular vacuuming routine with professional cleanings like Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services. Their thorough methods delve deep beneath the surface, eliminating hidden contaminants that evade the naked eye. Carpet Cleaning FAQs. Does water damage my carpet? A. Yes! Water can damage your carpet, especially if left wet for an extended period. Water can cause mould growth, weaken carpet fibres, and lead to unpleasant odours. Promptly addressing wet carpets and drying them thoroughly is essential to prevent damage. The method used by Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland removes 95% of the water with our truck mount industrial-strength vacuum. Furthermore, it’s the carpet cleaning method that most carpet manufacturers suggest. How often should I have my carpets cleaned? A. Regular carpet cleaning is essential for asthma, allergies, or other health issues. Also, the Institute of Inspection, Cleaning and Restoration Certification IICRC recommends a professional cleaning every 6 to 12 months. Thus, it depends on the level of soiling and whether there are children or pets inside the premises. Carpet Cleaning FAQs. How much time will it take for my carpet cleaning to dry? Humidity levels determine drying time, airflow to the rooms cleaned, and the type of carpet. Therefore, turning on your air conditioning or heating system (depending on the time of year and location) will help speed up the drying process. FAQs. Does carpet cleaning make it soil faster? A. The issue arises from residues of cleaning chemicals left in carpet fibres by standard cleaners. These residues act as magnets for dirt, leading to persistent soiling. However, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland utilises proprietary methods that ensure thorough rinsing of cleaning agents from the carpet, preventing dirt attraction and maintaining cleaner carpets. FAQs. How much time do I have to wait to permit my children or pets to use the cleaned carpets? A. After the cleaning, carpets can be washed and used with clean feet or indoor shoes. However, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland advises limiting activity to foot traffic until the carpet is completely dry. How long does it take for the carpets to dry? A. With the hot water extraction method (steam cleaning), drying time is minimal and depends on the following factors: Type of carpet material, weave, and pile Level of soil Air circulation in the home Humidity levels FAQs. How do you guarantee customer satisfaction? A. Sometimes, this can mean spot carpet cleaning specific areas of concern or even wholly re-cleaning the areas under consideration. If you have other carpet cleaning FAQs not listed here, please call us at 09-376-7007 or email us to discuss these carpet cleaning FAQs. Why hire a professional when I can do it myself? A. Hiring professional carpet cleaners offers several advantages over doing it yourself: 1. Deep cleaning: Professional Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services has specialised equipment and expertise to perform a deep and thorough cleaning, removing embedded dirt, stains, and allergens more effectively than household machines. 2. Time-saving: Cleaning carpets can be time-consuming, especially if you have a large area to cover. Hiring professionals allows you to save time and focus on other crucial tasks. 3. Proper techniques and products: Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners know the techniques and cleaning products suitable for different carpets. They can tailor their approach to your specific carpet material, ensuring the best results without causing damage. 4. Extends carpet life: Regular professional cleaning helps extend the life of your carpets by removing dirt and debris that can wear down carpet fibres over time. 5. Health benefits: Carpets can trap allergens, dust, and bacteria, affecting indoor air quality. Professional cleaning helps remove these contaminants, promoting a healthier living environment, especially for individuals with allergies or respiratory issues. 6. Stain removal: Stubborn stains can be challenging to remove. Professional cleaners like Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services have the expertise to tackle tough stains effectively. 7. Convenience: Hiring professionals means you don’t have to worry about the logistics of carpet cleaning. They come equipped with the necessary tools and materials, making the process hassle-free. While DIY carpet cleaning can be cost-effective, Professional Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services offers better results and convenience, ensuring your carpets are cleaned properly. Thus, it can enhance the appearance and longevity of the carpets. FAQs. Will the carpet cleaning agents be employed to cause harm to my children or pets? A. Though it may be family and environmentally friendly, restricting contact between the recently cleaned carpet and your children or pets is always a good idea. Do I need to do anything before the professional technician arrives? A. Before the professional technician arrives, it is recommended to take the following steps: 1. Vacuum your carpets regularly to remove loose dirt and debris. 2. Clear the area of smaller items and valuable possessions, especially family heirlooms, to facilitate their cleaning process. 3. Consider relocating children and pets to a different room during the cleaning to avoid any disturbances caused by noise and ensure their safety and comfort. FAQs. Do I have to move my furniture before the arrival of the cleaners? A. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland advises you to remove furniture items such as electronics, plants, lamps, and knick-knacks. However, some things we will not move include pianos, electronics, china cabinets, waterbeds, large beds, dressers with mirrors, billiard tables, etc. Do you guarantee that you will be able to remove all stains? A. The type of stain, the use of consumer-based stain removers, the length of time it has been there, and the sort of carpet fibre affect stain removal results. While we make every effort to remove most stains, we cannot provide a guarantee that they will always come out. Rest assured, we are committed to delivering the best possible results and will go the extra mile to achieve optimal outcomes. If we cannot remove the particular stain, no one can do so either. FAQs. Can my area rug and the carpet it sits on be cleaned simultaneously? A. Yes! In most cases, the area rug and the carpet it sits on can be cleaned simultaneously. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners often offer services to clean the area rug and the underlying carpet during the same cleaning session. However, our cleaning method and products used are effective for both the rug and the carpet to avoid any potential damage or colour bleeding. They also have the expertise and equipment to clean both surfaces effectively and safely. What payment methods do you accept? A. We accept cash, cheque, debit, Visa, and MasterCard payments. FAQs. What do I have to do if the spots are cleaned and reappear? A. Most spots removed from the carpet do not reappear. However, some substances in carpet backing may wick to the surface after cleaning. If this happens, call Auckland Steam n Dry at 09 376-7007 as soon as possible. Hence, we follow the standards recommended by the Carpet and Rug Institute (CRI) for spot solvers . Do you use child-friendly or pet-friendly products? A. Child-friendly and pet-friendly products are available upon request. Thus, please specify if you would like the Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services technician to use these. Carpet Cleaning FAQs. During my carpet cleaning service, should I stay at home? A. To provide the best possible service, we recommend that someone be home before Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland begins cleaning to discuss any specific needs or areas of concern about cleaning the carpet. In conclusion, this expert information is to help you make an informed decision for your next carpet cleaning. We have served in West Auckland, Central City CBD, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast for over 35 years. Thus, for the professionals, call 0800 110 282 or email us . Updated  Last: 27 June 2025 By Graeme Stephens. (IICRC Master Restoration Technician) ← Carpet Cleaning Methods Carpet Cleaner Methods →