Client Support And Retention We understand that we have yet to gain your complete satisfaction on this occasion. Here at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, the owner management thrives extra hard to ensure clients are happy when they use our quality service and gain your future custom. So we want an opportunity to put any issue to your satisfaction for client retention. Customer satisfaction is our top priority, and I sincerely apologise that this wasn’t demonstrated to you on this occasion. How we respond to an unsatisfied client complaint can significantly impact its acceptance and retention of the customer. Dear Valued Client We take customer satisfaction seriously and are glad to hear from you. Customer satisfaction is our top priority, and I am sorry we didn’t demonstrate that to you on this occasion. First, I apologise for the frustration you’ve been experiencing recently. I want you to know that we appreciate your feedback. It will allow us to resolve any problems and help us improve our services. We’re proud that you’ve selected our company as your carpet cleaning service provider, and we’d like the opportunity to resolve your concerns and earn your continued trust. And we ensure that we work with high international CRI 204/205 Carpet Maintenance and Carpet Cleaning Industry Standards. We’d be grateful if you could provide additional details regarding your experience by contacting our Customer Support and Service Retention/General Manager at mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz. Mary will address any concerns you may have. Please let us know if you have any additional requests, such as redoing the area or any other suggestions to put this right with you. We sincerely apologise for the inconvenience and hope to offer you better services. For any questions or further assistance, please email mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz or call us at (09)376-7007 Best Regards, Graeme Stephens Phone: (09)3767-007 Email: info@steam-n-dry.co.nz Please don’t hesitate to contact us if you need further assistance. Thank you for taking the time to provide us with valuable feedback. Updated Last: 24 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Prep for Carpet Cleaning Share Your Reviews →