Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry North Shore Book Online! ENTER AREA CODE Enter your area code to book your appointment online now! Residential Services Commercial Services BOOK NOW Google Reviews 5.0 Read our 14 reviews → Call us today to speak to a live Steam`n Dry Customer Care Agent: 0800 783-266 Contact Us NAME: * LAST NAME: EMAIL: * CONTACT #: * AREA CODE MESSAGE: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . General Inquiries: Email: north-shore@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone: 09 489 7784 Management Contacts: Name: Mary Stephens Email: nirvana@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager Name: Elle Stephens Email: elle@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone: 021 271 5454 Director Name: Graeme Stephens Email: graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Connect With Us Review Us On Follow Us On Review Us On Follow Us On Our Location See Your Local Area Contact Number, Details, and Reviews Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 3767007 129 Howe St, Freemans Bay, Auckland City Cbd 1011 West Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 8374545 Triangle Rd, Massey, West Auckland 0610 North Shore City: Google Reviews 09 4897784 Old Lake Rd, Narrow Neck, North Shore Auckland 0627 South Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 2620720 Redoubt Rd, Goodwood Heights, South Auckland 2016 East Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 5200062 162 Pakuranga Rd, Pakuranga, East Auckland 2010 Hibiscus Coast: Google Reviews 09 4265008 Riverside Road, Orewa, Hibiscus Coast, Auckland 0931 Experience Unmatched Carpet Cleaning Excellence with Steam ‘n’ Dry Firstly, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry  Carpet Cleaning Service in North Shore, established in 1987, offers assistance in effectively sanitising and safeguarding your carpets against harmful bacteria and viruses. For further details and questions, feel free to contact us at 09 376-7007 Furthermore, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning in North Shore was founded by Graeme Stephens, with over 36 years of expertise applied to our service. As a result, our team has professional technicians armed with top-notch methods and state-of-the-art equipment to address your carpet cleaning needs. Hence, you can see the grime definition in the Merriam-Webster Dictionary , regardless of material, stain, or dirt. Also, with our professional cleaners and truck-mounted steam units, we will make it happen, utilising hot water extraction, which is highly effective in deep cleaning carpets and removing embedded dirt and stains. Our truck-mounted steam units use 84°C Hot Steam that safely kills viruses, allergens, germs, dust mites, and moulds, ensuring a thorough and hygienic cleaning process for your carpets. Indeed, our carpet cleaners carefully consider our working environments to provide the most effective solutions to clean your carpets. Steam ‘n’ Dry offers the best carpet cleaning service and fabric protection throughout West Auckland, Central City CBD, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Our thorough carpet cleaning process ensures that your carpets are left clean, fresh, and free from dirt, stains, and allergens, providing a healthier and more comfortable living environment. Revitalise Your Carpets with Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry in North Shore Above all, our commercial carpet cleaning services provide professional solutions to keep carpets fresh and spotless. With a wide range of techniques and equipment, these services ensure thorough cleaning and revitalisation of your rugs, enhancing the overall cleanliness of your home or business. Therefore, professionals in Steam ‘n’ Dry in North Shore have the knowledge and expertise. Expert in tackling various types of stains, odours, and dirt deep within the fibres. Hence, regular carpet cleaning contributes to a healthier indoor environment by removing allergens, dust mites, and bacteria. By engaging the services of professional Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning North Shore,  you can enjoy clean, fresh-smelling carpets that enhance the comfort and beauty of your space. Updated Last: 01 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. </div>