Contact Us & Bookings at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Book Online! ENTER AREA CODE Enter your area code to book your appointment online now! Residential Services Commercial Services BOOK NOW Google Reviews 5.0 Read our 14 reviews → Call us today to speak to a live Steam`n Dry Customer Care Agent: 0800 783-266 Contact Us NAME: * LAST NAME: EMAIL: * CONTACT #: * AREA CODE MESSAGE: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . General Inquiries: Email: info@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: Auckland Central: 09 3767007 North Shore: 09 489 7784 South Auckland: 09 262 0720 West Auckland: 09 8374545 East Auckland: 09 520 0062 Management Contacts: Accounts Manager Name: Mary Stephens Email: mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director Name: Graeme Stephens Email: graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Connect With Us Review Us On Follow Us On Review Us On Follow Us On Our Location See Your Local Area Contact Number, Details, and Reviews Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 3767007 129 Howe St, Freemans Bay, Auckland City Cbd 1011 West Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 8374545 Triangle Rd, Massey, West Auckland 0610 North Shore City: Google Reviews 09 4897784 Old Lake Rd, Narrow Neck, North Shore Auckland 0627 South Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 2620720 Redoubt Rd, Goodwood Heights, South Auckland 2016 East Auckland City: Google Reviews 09 5200062 162 Pakuranga Rd, Pakuranga, East Auckland 2010 Hibiscus Coast: Google Reviews 09 4265008 Riverside Road, Orewa, Hibiscus Coast, Auckland 0931 State-of-the-Art Truck-Mount Carpet Cleaning Technology At Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning, we prioritise customer satisfaction above all else, offering a satisfaction-guaranteed policy. Therefore, if you are not entirely satisfied with our service, we will reclean the area for free, and you decide the result. Our highly trained professionals, equipped with the latest cleaning technology, are ready to tackle any carpet cleaning needs, from tough stain removal to carpet and upholstery revitalisation. Our technicians also have experience with state-of-the-art truck mount carpet cleaning technology. Contact us today for a seamless and stress-free cleaning experience that leaves your carpets and upholstery fresh, clean, and looking their best. If you’re unsure about the power of our superior truck-mounted system, read more below about how our hot steam cleaning works, then decide for yourself. Your Surfaces Dry Fast! Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners loosen embedded germs and dirt to the top of the fibres, something a vacuum cleaner cannot do. Next, the superior truck-mounted hot steam clean removes embedded bacteria, soils, allergens, debris, and soaps left behind by other carpet cleaners – with the help of a superior truck-mounted hot steam cleaning process , all that remains is spotless carpets, upholstery, mattresses, and rugs (that dry fast)! No Harsh Chemicals For Your Family And Pets Furthermore, with our superior truck-mounted hot steam cleaning, we prioritise the safety of your family and pets by avoiding harsh chemical additives. Rest assured that your surfaces are perfectly safe. Choose our services for a clean and healthy home environment that you can trust. No Detergents Lingering To Attract Dirt Later Our superior truck-mounted hot steam cleaning allows us to clean and refresh your surfaces without using detergents or harsh chemicals. Hence, this means your carpet stays cleaner longer and prolongs its lifespan. Superior Carpet Cleaning Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners use eco-friendly citrus-based solutions and superior truck-mounted deep steam cleaning extraction systems for a spotless carpet. The business has been family-owned since 1987 and providing high-quality services throughout Auckland. Contact us for more carpet cleaning solutions. Upholstery Cleaning Dirt, allergens, and stains on your furniture are inevitable, but they do not have to be permanent. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Equipment have been designed to tackle these issues effectively, making your furniture sanitised and revitalised. We use 80°C Hot Steam to kill and remove Allergens, Viruses, Dirt, Bacteria, Dust Mites and Germs from upholstery. Pet Urine Cleaning Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry cleaning process and methods are cost-effective in removing pet stains and odours. We use ozone treatment, odour sanitising, and odour-eliminating products to tackle even the toughest pet odours. Our skilled technicians can replace the underlay and thoroughly clean the affected areas. Ensuring the most severe urine-soaked areas are restored to a fresh and odour-free state. Oriental,Persian Rug Cleaning With our patented rug cleaning system and effective methods, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Cleaning Services can bring your rug into unique beauty, colours, and patterns back to life. We use state-of-the-art truck-mounted cleaning equipment to achieve maximum results. Allergen Relief Deep Cleaning Regular carpet cleaning by Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners helps reduce allergens and improves the quality of your indoor air. We use methods and equipment designed to help remove allergens and dirt from your carpets effectively. Mattress Cleaning Auckland We recommend periodic mattress cleaning to maintain a fresh and hygienic sleeping environment. Our mattress cleaning services include deep steam cleaning and sanitation to remove allergens, dirt and bacteria from your mattress succesfully.