Disinfecting Clean Service In Auckland Since 1987, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has provided disinfecting sanitisation services in South Auckland, North Shore, East, West Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Therefore, we use the latest and most effective coronavirus methods and disinfecting sanitisation treatments for: Biohazards Mould removal Virus disinfection Allergy relief Odour control Fire and smoke Meth decontamination Hoarding cleanup Furthermore, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has expert disinfecting equipment, such as the large 40b per hour ozone generators on wheels, large commercial fogging vapour machines and suitable misting applications . Ozone Viral Disinfection According to international scientific-based research and reports, Ozone is 99% effective at disinfecting coronaviruses, HIV, MRSA, and Hepatitis B, and is almost identical to SARS, most likely the new COVID-19. See below reports, clinical reviews, and scientists statements. Ozone is reported to kill 99% of coronaviruses – Airborne and Liquids. Researchgate. “ Ozone gas has been proven to kill the SARS coronavirus, and since the structure of the new 2019-nCoV Coronavirus. As it’s almost identical to the SARS coronavirus, it is safe to say it will also work on the new Coronavirus. However, it must be noted that there are no studies to date, except one currently ongoing in China at the Institute of Virology in Hubei, regarding this. “ Inactivation of Human Viruses – Ozone.” Journal of Infectious Diseases and Epidemiology – “Chinese virus ozone.” “SARS”: Jerome J. Schentag, Pharm. D., Charles Akers, PhD, Pamela Campagna, and Paul Chirayath. “Ozone: China Weapon in Combating the COVID-19 Pandemic Outbreak” . Thailand Medical News – “More than 17 Scientific Studies Show Ozone Kills SARS, Coronavirus, and the New COVID-19.” Quail Systems “Report – Ozone kills 99.99% Pathogens in the air, including SARS coronavirus.” Micro Nano – Health, Life & Environment – “Use Ozone purifiers in home, workplaces and hospitals.” Wikipedia COVID-19 – “Italy and Spain have started using Ozone with Excellent Results.” Viral Disinfectants We also have disinfectant chemicals, as used for 35 years on not only coronaviruses but also for bacteria, germs, biohazard pathogens, meth, and mould – with the same active ingredients rated for use on COVID-19 by credible organisations, such as: Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) , Food and Drug Administration (FDA) , National Prevention Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases (CDC) Centre for Biocide Chemistries (CBC) For over 35 years, we have provided biohazard remediation services such as the microbial removal of mould, fungi, viruses, bacteria, and other pathogens. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry uses FDA-approved industrial-strength Ozone to eliminate viruses. We also wipe down cleaning with our big ozone generators, wheel fogging machines, and handheld misting units. Precautionary Interior Disinfecting and Cleaning Quarantine Properties Know Virus Disinfecting Cleanup Coronavirus Disinfecting Equipment And Service Price Industrial 40g/h Ozone Generators on Wheels Large Commercial Fogging Machines Battery Power Misters on Wheels UV light Ultraviolet Sterilisation Large Truck Mount 90 ° C Hot Steam Extraction Clean Ozone Disinfecting Sanitisation Services As mentioned above, “Ozone” is a very effective coronavirus disinfecting method. Indeed, China’s weapon against the SARS-CoV-2 virus. It uses tiny 0.05 microns. Therefore, it penetrated porous surfaces and was the best against infections such as COVID-19 and SARS. Thus, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry uses large industrial-sized 40,000 mg per hour ozone generators on wheels. This treatment takes 1-3 days of ozone generation. China uses Ozone in Quarantine self-isolation and SARS-CoV-2 Coronavirus hospitals. Ozone treatment is relatively quick, with smaller particulates entering every nook and cranny. Ozone of everything within the enclosed space. The cost is $120 + GST per day per large ozone generator for hire, including setting up and a manual hot spot disinfecting using the above internationally rated disinfectant for coronavirus active ingredient. An average 140 square metre house would be an industrial ozone generator x 3 days = $300 + $160 set up and pick up + GST. The minimum biohazard corona disinfecting service is $200—Commercial pro-rata price for 1000sqm  or more 20% discount. Industrial Fogging And Disinfecting Clean FDA-approved for use in disinfecting medical equipment and masks on hard surfaces. Also, EPA Criteria Rated Disinfectants – Auckland’s Active Ingredient kills coronaviruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and moulds. Thus, it has also been used in China’s disinfecting program for COVID-19, the SARS-CoV-2 virus. A quick and straightforward way is to disinfect an entire building or home. The structure can be reoccupied the following day with prior ventilation in one hour. The fogging particle size is 0.2 microns. Fogging disinfection is also efficient, with hospital disinfectant cleaners rated 99.9% virus disinfecting. The cost of preventive treatments is $1.20 + GST per square metre of floor area. So, an average 140sqm house – $168 plus GST, including setting up and a shared hot spot manual disinfectant cleaning. We use this internationally-rated disinfectant for coronaviruses. The active ingredient is also used for disinfecting used medical equipment. The minimum disinfecting service is $200, which includes removing the machine post fogging treatment for Commercial pro-rata price for 1000sqm  or more 20% discount. Based on a known coronavirus infection, the cost is $2.50 + GST per square metre of floor area. So an average 140sqm house – $300 plus GST, including setting up and a shared hot spot manual disinfectant cleaning, using a hospital-grade biohazard disinfectant, using the above internationally rated disinfectant for coronavirus active ingredient. Viruses, bacteria, germs and other pathogens, disinfecting and removing the machine post fogging treatment. The minimum disinfection service is $200. Commercial buildings pro-rata price for 1000sqm or more 20-30% discount. Our disinfectant lasts up to 3 months on surfaces. However, we recommend regular disinfecting treatments to protect yourself more from COVID-19. Power Mist Disinfectant Cleaning In China’s disinfecting program for the COVID-19 Novel coronavirus, powerful battery-powered misting is utilised. Therefore, it is a quick and economical way to provide effective disinfection. Of course, treatment has been used for targeted areas or general disinfecting at a commercial workplace or home, often within one hour. This process allows the building to be reoccupied the following day with prior ventilation. The fogging particle size is 3.5 microns. For the experts in SARS-CoV-2 Coronavirus Disinfecting Cleaners, call 0800 783-266 or email Auckland Steam n Dry (Biohazard Remediation Decontamination Division) . The cost of preventive treatments (say weekly). This is $1.70 + GST per square metre of floor area. So an average 140sqm house – $238 plus GST, including setting up and a shared hot spot manual disinfectant cleaning, using a bio-hazard hospital-grade disinfectant using the above internationally rated disinfectant for coronavirus active ingredient. Minimum disinfecting service $200. For Commercial pro-rata prices of 1000sqm  or more, 20% discount. The cost of this on a known SARS-CoV-2 virus infection is $2.60 + GST per square metre of floor area. So the average 140sqm house is $364 plus GST, including callout. It is also approved for disinfecting used masks. The minimum disinfection service is $200. For Commercial pro-rata prices of 1000sqm  or more, 20-30% discount. UV Light Ultraviolet Sterilisation It is a cheaper alternative to the sterilisation method. However, it is only suitable in empty rooms because ultraviolet sterilisation can only go straight up and down or straight sideways. Ozone and Fog go everywhere, including inside painted surface pores. For the experts in SARS-CoV-2 Coronavirus Disinfecting Cleaners, call 0800 783-266 or email Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry (Biohazard Remediation Decontamination Division) . Large Truck Mount 90 ° C Hot Steam Extraction Cleaners Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Decontamination teams use a world-recommended, superior, powerful truck-mounted hot steam extraction cleaning system. A modified heating system of 80 °C hot steam kills viruses, microorganisms, pathogens, dust mites, and bacteria at the point of contact. As a result, it safely kills and removes the microorganism pathogens deep within porous surfaces, such as hard surfaces, upholstery, bed mattresses, and carpet cleaning—the minimum disinfecting cleaning service is $200. A chemical-free alternative to the above treatments, but can be combined. This is $3 + GST per square metre of surface area, not floor area. You Can Trust And Rely On The Coronavirus Disinfectant And Quarantine Decontamination Cleanup Auckland Services! Ask about Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Sanitisation and Disinfecting Clean Services. Ozone disinfects, foggers, and mist application treatments are available for all hard surfaces, upholstery, mattresses, curtains, and carpets. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry provides consistently high-quality virus disinfection and decontamination services in Auckland Central, West Auckland, North Shore, East South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. NOTE: Prices mentioned above may vary. Other Disinfecting And Cleaning Auckland Services Emergency Cleaning and Flood Restoration Smoke and Soot Cleaning Meth P Cleaning Biohazard Cleanup Odour Removal Disinfectant Cleanup Dust Mite, Bed Bugs and Pest Control Sanitise Cleanup of hard surfaces, upholstery, mattresses, curtains, and carpets Virus-Disinfecting Sanitisation Services In addition, we do not subcontract our SARS-CoV-2 Coronavirus and other pathogen disinfecting services. Firstly, we have chosen to employ all of our staff. This gives us better control over our decontamination cleaning quality on all hard surfaces and upholstery, mattresses, curtains and carpets. Our disinfectant lasts up to 6 months on low-use and away from direct sunlight surfaces. Of course, our disinfecting staff are trained in all types of specialist decontamination cleaning. Thus, we are also fully insured. All in all, our staff are friendly, trustworthy, uniformed professionals and polite. Coronavirus Protection – Disinfecting Sanitisation Services Many homes and commercial industries rely on the traditional spray-and-wipe method to clean and disinfect their facilities. While manual cleaning for visual cleanliness is undoubtedly not discouraged, studies repeatedly show that despite our hard work, the traditional cleaning method for appearance could be more helpful in protecting us from harmful contamination and infectious diseases. We have a better idea! We provide crime scene cleanup, hoarding, biohazard cleaning, hard surfaces and upholstery, mattresses, curtains, carpet cleaning, and decontamination services. Indeed, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry delivers professionalism in every job we do. It’s also necessary to do cleaning measures for your home and office, hard surfaces, food areas, upholstery, and carpet, which acts as a large sink absorbing viral germs, allergens, and other pathogens. Also, large or small, the ozone and fogging equipment can be used for a single room and ample public space or public transportation modes such as buses, hospitals, railways, quarantine and isolation zones, ships, and aeroplanes. COVID-19 Virus Cleaning Dangers To sum up, the COVID-19 Novel coronavirus cleaning disinfectant service has many Health and Safety risk factors. Furthermore, employees or volunteers attempt to complete decontamination and disinfection of a clean facility in their place of work, such as all hard surfaces, upholstery, mattresses, curtains, and carpet cleaning. They may be at risk while handling contaminated materials or breathing polluted air. It might also be possible to catch SARS-CoV-2 by touching a surface where the novel coronavirus has recently landed and then touching one’s mouth, nose or eyes, but CDC officials believe this method of transmission is less common. Some coronaviruses can live on surfaces, but little is known about the new SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus’s survival ability. Fortunately, ethanol, hydrogen peroxide, or bleach-based cleaners kill coronaviruses that survive on surfaces. Coronavirus Cleaning Service Guarantee Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Disinfectant Cleaners’ service staff are professional during your most stressful times. Individually, we will always do our best to help. Auckland Steam n Dry provides free quotations and will contact your insurance company to give you the best options available. To schedule your free onsite consultation and estimate today, Phone Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry at 0800 783-266 or email . Virus Decontamination Services And Disinfecting Sanitisation Services Reduce the risk of contamination after routine shutdowns, repairs, or emergency responses in your cleanrooms, controlled environments, equipment, and spaces. Our Disinfecting and Sanitisation Services include mould removal, flood recovery, carpet drying, cleaning of all hard surfaces, upholstery, mattresses, curtains, carpets, hoarding clean-up, smoke damage cleaning, and biohazard cleanup. Contamination in hard-to-reach areas puts your critical environment at risk. Additionally, many traditional manual disinfectant cleaning methods often fail to reach all contact surfaces. From routine bioburden reduction to rapid response after an unplanned event, our service helps you resume operations faster, effectively disinfecting and protecting your people, products, and research. Principles Of Cleaning And Disinfecting Environmental Surfaces While microbiologically contaminated surfaces can serve as potential reservoirs for pathogens, they are generally not directly associated with transmitting infections to staff or patients. However, microorganisms such as the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus, bacteria, and other pathogens disinfected from environmental surfaces to patients usually occur through hand contact. Although hand hygiene is essential in minimising this transfer, thorough cleaning and appropriate disinfection of environmental surfaces are fundamental in reducing their potential contribution to the incidence of healthcare-associated bacterial or viral infections. Asking internal personnel to clean up hazardous materials can expose them to potential COVID-19 coronavirus health hazards for which they are unprepared. In our experienced view, the Novel COVID-19 coronavirus disinfection cleaning Auckland service should only be attempted by people who are bio-hazard trained to wear the correct protective clothing and have the right equipment. Equipment such as industrial-truck mount pressure washers, ozone generator rental in Auckland CBD, Central West Auckland, North Shore, East & South Auckland. Fogging machines and dehumidifier rental ensure you receive the best sanitary cleanup possible. Indeed, our disinfectant decontamination services have been proven successful in a wide range of industries worldwide for over 30 years; if you want to know more about COVID-19 Coronavirus Cleanup and Quarantine Decontamination in Auckland. Thus, give our office decontamination specialist a call. We are equipped with a minimum of suitable PPE, including respirator masks and gloves. For the experts in Virus Disinfecting Cleaners, call 0800 783-266 or email Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry (Decontamination Division) . Updated Last: 14 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. (IICRC Master Restoration Technician) ← Terms & Conditions Ozone Odour Sanitise →