Client Rewards Program We’re happy we could satisfy your expectations with our Customer Rewards Program. Could you mention us and share your experience with friends or family? There is no more extraordinary accomplishment for a service business than having your recommendation. Therefore, we’re offering $30 off up to $50 off your next Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry service for copying and pasting your reviews onto the five online sites below. It would mean so much to us if you took a couple of minutes to give us your rating. Request For Online Reviews About Customer Rewards Program Share on Social Media? View Page Generally, as a local business, we rely on customer reviews to stay competitive, and we genuinely appreciate you taking the time to give us your feedback. In addition, we’re working with high international standards of the Consumer Guarantee Act and AS/NZS 3733:2018 . Thus, if you have any concerns or issues, don’t hesitate to reach out to us directly to resolve the issue as soon as possible. Customer Reward Program What were you particularly impressed with? Write a Google Review for Us Here Write a Facebook Review for Us Here Write a No Cowboys Review for Us Here Write a Google Central Review for Us Here Write a Yellow Pages Review for Us Here Write a Proven Expert Review for Us Here Finally, once you have shared your reviews, please email us for your rewards. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry service also serves West Auckland, Central City CBD, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Y ou get the best possible carpet cleaning service in Auckland. Therefore, we provide the following services such as: Carpet Cleaning Carpet Repair Upholstery Cleaning Steam Cleaning Stain Removal Pest Control Flood Restoration Flea Control Updated Last: 12 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Share Your Reviews Comming Soon →