Dehumidifier For Hire In Auckland The following flood drying and dehumidification information is from Graeme Stephens. Therefore, he is an IICRC Certified 2001 Master Restoration Technician. Graeme has over 36 years of handling flood restoration, building drying, dehumidifier for hire, air mover blowers and carpet dryer rentals in Auckland. Thus, to help you make an informed decision for your flood or drying dehumidification needs. For Professional Carpet Cleaning and Drying Services, call 0800 110 282 or email us . Auckland’s best value is the largest commercial dehumidifier rental to deliver and install per your needs. It is the primary drying off of a bit of water-damaged or structural building. Pre-line moisture tests – building frame drying. Specifically, our best prices per capacity industrial dehumidifier rental and service can help save. In fact, since 1987, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Dehumidifier for Hire has offered the best value for drying needs, including West Auckland, North Shore, East and South Auckland. Check Our Customer Reviews Below: * Google Reviews Flood Drying Reviews * No Cowboys Reviews * Facebook Flood Reviews * Google Flood Reviews Auckland Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry can do emergency building or carpet drying services and flood restoration, especially where essential services are required to maintain human health and safety. Commercial, industrial dehumidifiers for hire, ranging from 80 – 115 litres daily. Suitable for builders, before or after the Auckland Council’s pre-line inspection tests. Giant industrial dehumidifier rental, delivery, and set-up options for flooded buildings. Small room-only dehumidifier rental, with delivery and setup. Indeed, flood drying specialists will save you money. See our 5-star Facebook Reviews or Google Reviews. Cheap Large Dehumidifier Rental We offer the best value commercial dehumidifier for hire throughout Auckland. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service offers a significant commercial dehumidifier rental hire rate, generally about half the price. Expressly, per performance compared with the costs of rental shops and other drying service competition. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Dehumidifier for Hire offers the best value per capacity of $85 + GST daily. For a 90-litre per-day capacity dehumidifier rental (Min 3 days). Therefore, our dehumidifier rental, air mover blowers and carpet dryer fans are also much cheaper at a better value. Perhaps, in comparison to hiring shops and drying services. 2800 CFM carpet dry blowers are only $35 + GST per day. This has a minimum of three days but includes setup. Generally, for weekly rent, the daily rent is $65 per day for the dehumidifier and $20 per day for the air mover blower rental, excluding GST. Then, the daily rent is $85  for the dehumidifier and $35 per day for the air mover blower rental for less than three days. However, these prices exclude GST. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry caters to whatever your drying needs may be, from: Moisture testing Blower dryers, dehumidifier hire, and drying services Flood water extraction Carpet dryers are hired for carpet drying in Auckland Dehumidifier rental, delivery and installation Structural drying – injection drying for behind walls Carpet laying Dehumidifier And Air Mover Blower Fan Rental Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry air mover fan blowers and carpet dryers are much cheaper and have better value than Auckland dry hire shops and rental service people. The 2800 CFM industrial carpet dry blower fan for rent is just $35 + GST per day based on three days or more. Moreover, our air mover blower fan and dehumidifiers can move large volumes for quick drying. In addition, our Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry team is often called the Auckland drying specialist. We provide expert building drying, construction drying equipment hire and mould removal services with a guarantee. Auckland Council Pre-Line Test Building Drying Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has the most significant industrial energy efficiency dehumidifier units throughout Auckland. We have provided quality airmover blower, turbo fan dryers, and industrial dehumidifier rental services since 1987. We serve residential and commercial clients, particularly builders and construction companies, with high standards of the National Carpet Cleaners Association for water damage restoration and attention to Council regulations. Also,  we usually recommend four industrial dehumidifiers and 2 to 4 blower air movers for five days to draw the moisture content out of the building frame. We are starting from up to 28% moisture content, below 18% per the Auckland Council requirements. In conclusion, Graeme Stephens shares this dehumidification and drying information —an IICRC-certified 2001 Master Restoration Technician. So you can decide on your building drying needs. Thus, call Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry at 0800 783-266 or email us for the best industrial dehumidifier rental with branches throughout West Auckland, North Shore, East & South Auckland. Note: Prices Above May Vary Updated Last: 12 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens (IICRC Master Technician Certified) ← Meth P Cleaning News Mould Removal Services →