Deodorise & Sanitise Disinfecting Service In Auckland Graeme Stephens offers disinfecting services that target the source of the odour, ensuring thorough sanitisation to eliminate viruses and bacteria effectively. An IICRC 2001 Master Restoration Technician with over 36 years of experience. The Steam ‘n’ Dry Deodorise and Sanitise Disinfecting Services servicing  North Shore, West, East and South Auckland Central, provide high-quality odour removal services. It helps keep your home odour-free and saves on unnecessary health issues. Our Effective Disinfecting, Sanitising and Odour Removal Equipment: Ozone Generator Fogging and Disinfecting Sanitiser Misting and Disinfecting Sanitiser Viral And Bacterial Disinfecting Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry provides EPA-approved methods to kill bacteria and viruses like coronavirus for disinfection and large commercial-sized ozone generators, fogging machines and misting units for sanitisation services. Since 1987, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has provided biohazard remediation services such as the microbial remediation of moulds, fungi, viruses, bacteria, and other pathogens. The company uses FDA-approved industrial-strength disinfectant products with a broad spectrum of kill claims to eliminate 99.9% of viruses like COVID-19 and SARS-CoV-2 that remain infectious outside a host from 2 hours up to 9 days. Another test shows that the virus remains contagious for up to 3 hours in the air and 2 to 14 days on plastic and steel surfaces. Our sizeable commercial-sized ozone generators, fogging machines on wheels, and misting units are the best solutions for those viruses. Pet Odour Removal Auckland  Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services has used a superior truck mount with 80 °C hot steam clean, which kills germs, viruses, bacteria, and other pathogens, specialising in unique treatments for all types of cases concerning pets. Therefore, odours are most often the result of active bacterial contamination. That’s why it is so common for dog or cat pet urine to be smelly during or after you’ve cleaned your carpet. Pet Urine Odour Removal Pet urine odours can penetrate carpet fibres and reach the backing and underlay. Thus, it’s advisable to perform regular deep cleaning with an enzyme-based odour control product. These products contain enzymes that break down contaminants and incorporate odour modifiers. Therefore, pet urine odours can worsen with moisture during carpet cleaning or in areas with high humidity, like Auckland in winter. The crystalline salts in dog or cat pet urine in the carpet fibres also absorb moisture, which smells like ammonia gas. Bacteria also release large amounts of ammonia gas. We Offer Dog Or Cat Urine Odour Removal And Restoration Services That Include Treatments Consisting Of: Truck-mount claw flushing out the dog or cat urine crystalline salts from the carpet and underlay Drying carpet, underlay, and subflooring Also, sealing hard flooring Antimicrobial treatment of hard subflooring under the carpet and underlay Urine neutralisation treatment for the surface of the carpet, backing and underlay Anti-bacterial treatment for the surface, the support of the carpet and the underlay Rinsing, flushing the surface, backing the carpet and underlay Also, replacing the underlay Relaying the carpet Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services can do a dog or cat pet urine neutralising treatment on carpet surfaces. Therefore, the company will send a fully qualified technician for odour control. Urine Stain Removal And Disinfection Perhaps your pet has made multiple deposits on the carpet. The carpet backing and the underlay are an odour source, and the subfloor may or may not be contaminated. Our Pet Stain Removal Auckland Services saturate the front and back of the carpet with a urine neutraliser directly on the stained area. Our Service allows 10-30 minutes of dwell time, then extracts the solution with a deep steam clean to the front and back of the carpet. Odours most often result from active bacteria that need killing and removal. Pet Urine Odour Elimination And Disinfection If the carpet backing, padding and sub-flooring are contaminated by pet urine, the carpeting must be lifted from the contaminated underlay pad and replaced, and the sub-flooring needs to be treated and sealed off. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Service has carpet repair and laying technicians to replace the contaminated underlay. Pet Stains Additionally, our pet stain removal technician uses specialised, high-strength products designed specifically for odour control and stain removal, which you cannot just buy over the counter. Depending on the type of carpet and the length of time the pet stains have been in place could determine if we can remove the stain. Most of the time, our services can remove most pet stains, but once our expert evaluates the area, he will give you a more definite answer. Odour, Bacteria And Germ Elimination Most home occupants don’t notice the smell or odour within their dwellings because they are immune to it or choose to ignore it. Thus, disinfecting, deodorising and sanitising options are often absent. Sometimes, a home occupant may do a temporary fix to mask the odour problem with a better smell. On the other hand, most visitors who smell the odour will choose to avoid bringing the sanitary issue up, as this can be very embarrassing. Carpet acts as a giant sinkhole, deodorising and absorbing odours to a point, which helps for a while. Upholstery and carpet cleaning is a significant step toward household odours. However, more than cleaning alone will likely be required if pets, smokers, or other odour sources have been present. Sometimes, disinfecting, deodorising, and sanitising treatments are needed to remove the odour. Our highly advanced carpet cleaners, odour deodorisers, and sanitation technicians can effectively and permanently eliminate odours. By using powerful disinfectants, we sanitise carpets for long-lasting, often permanent results. Whether the odours are from pets, smoke, mustiness, dry carpets, or even mould and mildew, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry offers effective deodorising solutions. Our services range from basic germicide applications to ozone machine hire, and we can even replace underlay in areas affected by pet urine. We can effectively remove odours and sanitise your home safely and thoroughly. Deodorise And Sanitise Disinfecting Price List $5 per room for odour ban application, including sanitisation treatments (combined with carpet cleaning). $10-$30 per room for an antimicrobial application. This sanitisation treatment explicitly targets all odour smells (when combined with a carpet clean). For more severe odours, $75 per day for our significant ozone machine hire. Such as smoke smell, pet urine smell, mould, and moisture testing to ensure your home is below the Auckland Council guidelines . These machines provide disinfection, deodorisation and sanitisation efficiently. $155 per urine-infected area, uplifting the carpet and replacing the underlay is required. Carpet cleaning, antimicrobial, and an odour control disinfection deodorise application. Target-specific regions are known to have pet urine contamination smells. NOTE: Prices mentioned above may vary and exclude GST Common Odours Our deodorising processes are safe to remove common odours like: Bacterial growth Mould and mildew Pet urine Smoke Paint Sewage Musty odours Cleaning, Sanitising, Disinfection And Deodorising for Health Of course, the carpet acts as a giant sinkhole that filters harmful germs, odours, pests, pollution, and smells that affect indoor air quality. The technicians and other health specialists show the link between dirty carpets and sick home syndrome. Once a carpet looks soiled, it may also develop odours, and a filthy or odorous carpet poses a significant health risk in your home or workplace. At Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners, we can carry out these odour-smell-removing jobs for you. Indeed, professional carpet cleaning services can effectively eliminate germs, odours, and pollutants, enabling you to save money and time. Call 0800 783-266 or email Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry for a deodorising, disinfecting and sanitising expert. Updated Last: 12 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Cockroach Pest Control Meth P Cleaning →