Flood Damage And Dry Wet Carpet FAQs ( Frequently Asked Questions) These flood water damage restoration and carpet drying flood tips are provided to you by Graeme Stephens. An IICRC 2001 Master Restoration Technician with over 36 years of flood water damage restoration in West Auckland, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Therefore, to help you care for your home or workplace, save on unnecessary water damage, mould health issues, or replacement costs. Thus, call Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry for flood damage FAQS and dry wet carpet service experts at 0800 783-266 or email. Flood Damage FAQs Q. Should I call a Flood Restoration Expert First? Your first obligation is to mitigate the damage. And the best way to minimise the water damage is to get a flood restoration expert there ASAP. Then, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet and Flood Restoration Auckland Experts can usually be on-site within an hour. After the water damage mitigation has been priced and commenced, you can decide if you’ll get insurance to pay. And have peace of mind that you have help and an ally throughout the water damage drying and remediation process. Please continue to read this article about “Flood Damage FAQs” with comprehensive answers. Q. Do you offer viruses, bacteria & mould disinfection? Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry provides coronavirus disinfection that is 99.9% effective. We use commercial-sized ozone generators, wheeled fogging machines, and misting units for our disinfection and sanitisation services. Since 1995, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has provided biohazard remediation services such as the microbial remediation of mould, fungi, viruses, bacteria, and other pathogens. Of course, we use FDA-approved industrial-strength disinfectant products with a broad spectrum of kill claims to eliminate 99.9% of viruses. In addition, COVID-19 SARS-CoV-2 remains infectious outside of a host from 2 hours up to 9 days. Further testing has shown the virus remains contagious for up to 3 hours in the air and 2 to 14 days on plastic and steel surfaces. Also, we wipe down cleaning with our sizable commercial-size ozone generators, fogging machines on wheels, and misting units. Q. What damage can floods cause? A. A flood can cause extensive damage to your home’s structure, walls, skirting boards, carpets, furnishings, personal items, and the whole family’s health. However, substantial tear-out could be needed depending on the depth of water. At the same time, significant floods can damage your foundation. Yet, home and building insurance provides homeowners with the financial capability to take quick action and reduce the damage to their homes. Therefore, homeowners can purchase up to $1,000,000 in insurance policy coverage. And up to $100,000 for their personal belongings contained in their home. Thus, commercial property owners can buy insurance coverage limits of up to $2,000,000 for their buildings and $2,000,000 for the contents in their facilities. Q. What is covered by your insurance? Major New Zealand insurance companies generally have two essential home and building insurance coverages: Building policies typically cover everything attached to your home building, such as your home or building structure, walls, skirting boards, cabinetry, and fixed-down carpets. Again, the insurance policy covers everything attached to the building fixture, including furniture and personal belongings. Q. What should I do when I first notice water damage? Following a water-related incident, quickly switch off circuit breakers that distribute power to flooded areas. Subsequently, remember that safety comes first. And if you think it is unsafe or even unsure , call us first 24/7. Secondly, contact your insurance company to inform them of the damage. This flood damage FAQs guide should help. If you are still deciding, immediately make arrangements to stay elsewhere. Q. What level of building or content insurance policy coverage should I get? Talk to your insurance agent about the value of your home and ensure that a significant loss, which may exceed the loan value. Indeed, our risk score can give you an idea of the probability of failure. Q. Doesn’t my homeowner’s building insurance policy cover flooding? All New Zealand homeowners’ insurance policies cover flood remediation. Q. How long will my property need a proper structure and carpet drying? Furthermore, the drying process depends on several factors, including location, duration, water source, the types of building materials, weather conditions, and how quickly emergency services begin. Even though the timetable depends on many scenarios, including carpet, underlay, subfloor, skirting boards, walls, and structure. We use moisture meters to find and monitor the moisture in the walls to ensure satisfactory drying. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has a minimum of a 3-day hire, including installation. The general rule of the timetable is: Three days – Carpet only Four days – Underlay and carpet Five days – Subflooring, walls, underlay, and carpet (in most cases) Seven days – For significantly affected structures or double-stuck installations Q. How much does water damage restoration cost? Water damage restoration or water mitigation costs can vary greatly. The following are average prices by type of water : 1st Category – Clean Water: $3.75 per square foot 2nd Category – Grey Water: $4.50 per square foot 3rd Category – Black Water: $7.00 per square foot Some factors go into calculating water mitigation costs. Temperature, humidity, type of materials impacted, length of time water stayed in place, and the possibility of mould cleanup can all impact cost. It is prudent to be cautious and check references when selecting a contractor for water damage repair work. Talk to your adjuster about the best approach to take. Q. How long will mould to start growing after the flood? The moulds will start growing after 48 hours of the water leak or flood. Contact us at 0800 783-266 or 021 287 5454 , available 24/7 for immediate flood restoration. Q. How often do floods happen? Floods can occur at any time. This area will flood ten times; however, such floods will happen, left to chance. You could have three 100-year floods within five years. Historical data isn’t always a reliable predictor of future events as our climate changes. Q. What are the causes of a flood? Even though the most apparent causes of water damage are burst pipe plumbing, washing machine overflows, heavy rain floods, simple rainfall, or snowfall causing a leak somewhere, they all result in water damage. Q. How does a flood happen? To illustrate, floods typically come from three primary sources: Burst pipe plumbing, washing machine overflow, or sewage backups Heavy rains that cause flash flooding or overwhelm the standard drainage systems in an area, and Flooding from rivers – Flooding can also cause the failure of human-made flood defences such as dams, levees, or dikes. Q. Should I open the windows to help the drying process? Extreme weather conditions may vary, so the technician will determine when and if the outside air is appropriate. Q. What defines a flood under a homeowner’s building or content insurance policy? Simply put, a flood is excess water from within the home, office, or outside the normally dry building land. If the backup directly results from flooding, damage caused by a sewer backup is covered by insurance. Q. Can my carpet be dried and restored, or will it be replaced? Although it varies from case to case, here are a few reasons your carpet drying may not be salvageable: Delamination occurs when the backing separates from the carpet fibres—the result of failing to mitigate the damage. Thus, call the flood restoration experts to receive answers to your flood damage FAQs. Q. How does homeowners’ insurance differ from renters’ insurance? A flood policy provides two basic insurance coverage types. The building policy covers the structure and utilities of a property. Contents insurance policy coverage includes the items you own, such as clothes, furniture, appliances, etc. If you rent your home, you can purchase coverage for your contents. You must check with your landlord to see if the building has flood insurance coverage. Q. Why are carpet dryers, air movers, and dehumidifiers hired? Water can be absorbed into the drywall, baseboards and sub-flooring when water damage occurs. Drying these surfaces requires a high-velocity air mover, carpet dryer hire, and blower fans. Large, 90L capacity dehumidifier rental in Auckland. Thus, it vastly accelerates the release of absorbed water into the air. It is necessary to place dehumidifiers to remove excess moisture to help protect property and create conditions for fast, efficient drying. Q. Can I get personal property insurance policy coverage as a renter? You can get content insurance to cover the contents of your home, apartment, or business. Q. My carpet has been stained. Your carpet may brown during the drying process. Stay calm because this usually comes out with carpet cleaning. Q. How do I know what moisture is behind my walls and that it won’t turn into black mould? We may need to make service calls to monitor the drying process with non-invasive moisture meters for hard surfaces, moisture probes for subflooring and underlay, and a hydro sensor for air relative humidity readings. These moisture meters detect 40cm within invisible walls, promptly finding the leak source for plumbing repairs. We also have infrared cameras for finding hidden water. Q. What defines a flood under a household building insurance policy? Flooding occurs when water from within the home or office building leaks from a burst pipe, plumbing or washing machine overflow. Also , your structure rises from the outside and causes damage to your property and at least one other property. The water source can be an overflow of inland or tidal waters, the unusual and rapid accumulation or runoff of surface waters from any source or mudflow. Q. What is Mudflow? Mudflow is “A river of liquid and flowing mud on the surfaces of normally dry land areas, as when a current of water carries the earth mud or dirt.” Other earth movements are not mudflows, such as landslides, slope failure, or a saturated soil mass moving by liquidity down a slope. Mudflows are commonly defined as a milkshake consistency flow in layperson terms. What To Do Before, During, and After a Flood? Call the flood experts immediately! Auckland Steam n Dry aims to minimise secondary flood damage within an hour. After a quotation and advice, could you provide us with insurance details? If you choose to get insurance, lodge a claim and pay the excess amount to the flood restoration technician on the initial visit. Turn off all the circuit breakers supplying electricity to wet areas if it is safe. Remove any small electrical devices from these areas. Avoid walking on the wet carpet to minimise any further damage. Remove furniture from the carpet, and place aluminium foil under the legs. It helps prevent rust or furniture stains, which may become permanent. Hang draperies and pin-up furniture skirts to avoid contact with wet floors, helping to prevent watermark stains. Be safe at all times. A wet carpet can be a breeding place for germs and bacteria— Wear hand gloves and face masks if cleaning alone. Remove breakables and high-value items, books, shoes, paper goods, potted plants, and other things that may stain the floor (remember to check under beds and furniture). Do not use a home vacuum or shop vac to remove water to avoid electrical shock. Use dryers such as dehumidifier rental and carpet dryer, and blower fan hire If sewage-related, do not handle any contaminated items and do not turn on fans, heating, or air conditioning units, as they may spread the pathogens. Restoration crews like Steam ‘n’ Dry Flood Auckland Service will move furniture into unaffected dry areas. Ensure the lower walls, skirting boards, carpet under, and subflooring are properly dry below 18% to stop mould growth within the home premises before completion. How long before the flood restoration is appropriately dry and complete? Subsequently, it is crucial to allow the building to complete below 18% if it is not dried correctly, as it will create a long-term/permanent, unhealthy, musty mould smell from black mould growing within the building structure. Black mould can be carcinogenic. It is also affecting the wooden subfloor and structural root damage. Flood Damage FAQs For Successful Flood Restoration Air movers for hire blow dry air under dry carpet (or above for glued-down carpeting). As well as it also draws the dampness out of the walls and subflooring. Indeed, this dispels the moisture into the air for the dehumidifier to remove. Dehumidifier rental. To draw out moisture to the IICRC industry standards . Indeed, to draw the dampness out of the hard surfaces, generally, the last areas to dry. For the Flooded Carpet Drying Auckland-wide experts, call 0800 783-266 or email . 5-Star Flood Cleaning Auckland Service Reviews Google Reviews Flood Drying Carpet South Auckland No Cowboys Auckland Reviews Trademe Dry Carpet Service Reviews Facebook Flood Auckland Service Reviews Google Map Reviews Flood Drying Auckland Hib Coast Yelp Carpet Cleaning Auckland Service Reviews Google Reviews Steam n Dry Flooded Carpet Auckland Experienced, researched and written by GRAEME STEPHENS . An IICRC Master Restoration Technician in 2001. Over 36 years of water damage, flood mitigation and carpet drying experience. Updated Last: 15 July 2025 ← Car Upholstery Cleaning Wet Carpet Flood Tips →