Flood Restoration and Carpet Drying Auckland Services Since 1987, Flood Restoration and Carpet Drying Auckland Services have provided expert, specialised 24/7 emergency flood restoration and carpet drying services with Powerful truck-mounted water extraction. Therefore, our team of flood restoration experts includes Graeme Stephens, probably the most experienced flood and carpet drying service technician. An IICRC Certified Master Restoration Technician 2001 with over 35 years of water damage, flood restoration , and carpet drying experience. 24/7 One-Hour Emergency Flood Restoration Service. Call 0800 783-266 Toll-Free, or for After Hours Emergencies, call Maria Stephens at 021 274-5454. 5-Star Flood And Carpet Drying Auckland Service Reviews No Cowboys Drying Reviews Google Maps Drying Reviews Facebook Service Reviews Yellow Pages Reviews Reviews South Auckland Facebook Drying Reviews Google Reviews Hibiscus Coast Google Reviews North Shore Google West Auckland Reviews Our Specialised Flood Restoration Process A typical flood restoration emergency process would involve the following: 24/7 Emergency Drying Carpet Auckland Service and Fast Flood Response. Essential for emergency flood call. Doing a moisture meter survey to find the water source and scope. Why is a Specialised Flood Technician Vital? Moving furniture away from the affected area. Powerful water-extracting removal in Auckland . Lift the carpet corners and remove the wet underlay for Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry. The carpet dryer under the carpeting, underlay, and other drying equipment depends on the scenario. We are placing our large dehumidifiers for hire units to work with the carpet dryers. Why is Fast Drying Crucial? Flood Insurance claims process, policy number, in going through Insurance. It’s Crucial to Dry Carpets and Walls Properly . Service calls, moisture meter testing, dryer pick-up, and carpet laying. Carpet Cleaning, stain removal, deodorising, disinfection and sanitisation. Mould Health Hazards Invoice for direct Insurance payment, any customer payment. Flood Carpet Drying FAQs Flood Water Extraction Removal When dealing with water issues like a burst pipe leak, washing machine overflow, rain-flooded basement, or flooded carpets, it’s essential to act quickly. Immediate water extraction and thorough drying of the area can help protect your home or premises. If moisture isn’t fully removed, it can lead to mould growth and rot in walls, cavities, subflooring, carpets, and underlay, resulting in an unhealthy indoor environment that may risk your family’s health. Additionally, mould damage can be costly to repair, so it’s best to prevent it before it starts. Our Specialised Flood And Carpet Drying Auckland Equipment Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry is the largest privately owned water damage mitigation company . Flood drying, carpet drying, laying, repairs, and cleaning services in North Shore, West, and South Auckland. All major insurance companies approve of us . We extract water with our powerful water extraction units. Carpet drying in subflooring and wall drying. Also, cavities, structure, and furnishings. With a large 90-litre per day capacity, industrial dehumidifiers and air mover blower fans quickly dry the wet carpets for mould removal and restoration. No long-term mouldy smell . Steam ‘n’ Dry Flood Restoration Auckland Service uses infrared and moisture meters to dry everything properly. Therefore, a cleaner, healthier home. Thus, to avoid potential hidden mould growth, such as behind the skirting board and wall cavities. Germs were removed and exhausted outside . After Hours, Emergency, call Maria Stephens at 021 274-5454 (After-hours rostered flood team) We will help you through the insurance process as your allies when you call us directly. Flooded Carpet Drying Service Pricelist Some operators advertise prices as cheap as Steam ‘ n’ Dry Flood R estoration and W ater Damage Auckland Services . However, the performance of industrial dehumidifiers is only around half the performance compared to the same price. Therefore, we suggest you compare the value per cost to make an informed decision. We offer the cheapest deal for money on flood restoration and carpet drying services in Auckland. See below our Flood Restoration Auckland Service affordable value hire price (excluding GST). $180 flood call-out includes a moisture survey and setting up the drying equipment, or $270 for an after-hours emergency call-out (1.5x rate). $24 Per Average Room (Max 15 m2 ). Furniture Moving $69 per room (min $129) (Max 15m2). Water Extraction $85 per day for a 90-115 litre per day capacity Industrial Dehumidifier for hire. (This has a minimum of 3 days but includes set-up). $35 daily for an Air Mover Blower Fan and Carpet Dryer hire. 3/4 or 1/2 horsepower. (This has a minimum of 3 days but includes set-up). $22 Lifting Carpet Per Room, (Max 14m2) $79-180  per Tech -Service Calls $129 Re-laying Carpet, Underlay Minimum $55 Per Room (Max Rm 15m2) (min $129) Carpet Cleaning $129 minimum – Antimicrobial Disinfecting, Mould Growth, Sanitisation, and Stain Removal There may be additional charges depending on the specific requirements of the situation, and after-hours call-outs are charged at 1.5x the standard rate. Note: Some Prices Above May Vary Emergency Flood Service Every minute you wait, the damage spreads. Additionally, the dampness of the wet carpet will soak into skirting boards, walls, subflooring, and furnishings. You will likely have costly secondary damage and odour contamination risks within hours. As a result, this could cause mouldy wall cavities, coupled with a long-term musty-smelling home. W ater damage flood remedial companies providing this service should be available 24 hours a day and seven days a week to avoid potential mould growth. Call us for prompt carpet drying and restoration services. Carpet Drying Auckland Services Steam ‘n’ Dry Flood Drying and Restoration Service experts provide a one-hour emergency flood service 24/7. Most of all, we have a specialised value of a considerable 90 litres per day for industrial dehumidifiers. Thus, they are the most effective dehumidifier carpet dryers in Auckland. Therefore, they promptly dry and best minimise water damage. Another reason to book flood carpet drying quickly is for professional flood drying advice. Steam ‘n’ Dry Flood Drying Auckland S ervice has highly trained office staff who can help. Most have over 20 years of flood restoration experience, on-site flooding job experience, and sound advice and services. Our Auckland water extraction and carpet drying flood experts will help you quickly deal with a wet carpet flood to avoid hidden mould growth behind the skirting board and wall cavities. Our specialists can deal directly with your insurance company. We will help you through the insurance process as your allies if you hire us. The daily rent is $85 for the dehumidifier and $35 per day for the air mover blower rental. These prices exclude GST. (minimum for 3 days and includes set-up Back to Top Airmover Blower, And Big Dehumidifier for Hire Moisture Probes. Assess the flood damage, such as under the carpet, subflooring, and walls. Moisture Meters (Infrared). They must assess the degree of moisture in walls and behind wall cavities, where mould and mildew can start to smell. Mould removal decontamination may be necessary if there’s slower drying. Industrial Dehumidifier. Ask suppliers what their dehumidifier rental daily capacity and price. Steam ‘n’ Dry uses large industrial dehumidifiers with a 90 litres per day capacity, as recommended by the world’s largest carpet manufacturers . To thoroughly dry wet carpets, jib walls, buildings, underlay, and skirting boards, and the structure properly.  The dehumidifier rental price is low at $85 + GST per day. Air Mover Blower Dryers. For fast carpet drying after flood water damage, you can either blow-dry underneath the carpet and underlay, or on top of glued-down carpet to push the moisture into the air. Air mover blowers and dryers are available for hire and cost much less than $35 per day. Structural Injector Dry. To dry the structure, take your skirting boards off and drill holes behind the skirting boards to enable this machine to dry behind the walls quickly—$110 per room. How Long Will It Be Before The Carpet Drying Is Complete? In many cases, wet carpets, underlay, subfloors, skirting boards, walls, and structures are involved. We utilise moisture meters to locate and monitor moisture within the walls, ensuring rapid carpet drying. This process helps prevent concealed mould growth, such as behind the recesses of the skirting board. The general rule of the timetable is as follows: Three days – Specifically, drying carpets only. Four days – Underlay and carpet drying. Five days – Subflooring, walls, carpet underlay and perforated ceilings. Seven days – For significantly affected structures or double-stud installations (drywall may need to be injected) Why Need To Dry Carpet Properly? It is crucial to allow the carpet to dry thoroughly, meeting the Auckland Council moisture guidelines , as verified with a moisture meter. If not properly dried, it can lead to persistent musty odours and long-term health risks caused by black mould growth within the building structure. This aligns with recommendations from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) . Black mould poses serious health hazards and can also cause damage to wooden subfloors and the structural integrity of the property. The Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Flood Restoration Drying Auckland Specialists have serviced North Shore, West Auckland, East, South Auckland City, Hibiscus Coast, and Rodney districts for over three decades. Helping to ensure no potential hidden mould growth, such as behind the skirting board and wall cavities. Back to Top Professional Carpet Drying The flood-drying carpet technician should have lots of experience and be qualified to save you costs and give you the best advice. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Drying Auckland Services offers specialists. Graeme Stephens has also been our flood restoration specialist for over 36 years. Furthermore, a 2001 IICRC-certified “Master Restoration Technician.” Having the proper carpet drying knowledge can help quickly assess the water damage, flooding or leak source and secure the surrounding areas from the often neglected secondary damage risks such as hazardous moulds. Eight specialists from Steam ‘n’ Dry Flood Restoration in Auckland operate powerful truck-mounted carpet cleaning units for effective drying. Flood service technicians are trained to international standards for superior water extraction of wet carpets in “flood drying carpets.” Thus, it can be an out-of-sight problem, such as behind walls. So, you must ensure your service team can handle it. Therefore, we can identify where different types of mould can strike. Then, deal with it to help ensure that there’s no hidden mould growth, which is most at risk behind the skirting board and jib wall cavities, such as a damp basement leak problem. If you call us directly, we will help you through the insurance process as your allies. Back to Top Carpet Drying Auckland Services Proper airmover blowers, fan dryers, and dehumidifiers are essential to avoid hidden mould growth, such as within job wall cavities. This results in your carpeting rotting rapidly and prematurely breaking down without professional carpet drying Auckland services. We would generally do a truck mount / powerful water extraction, dehumidifier rental, air mover blower, and carpet dryers for a fast dry. Also, fungus and mould will smell terrible and affect breathing, so proper carpet and structural drying are required promptly. Since 1987, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Drying Auckland Service has had an expert flood restoration specialist team using powerful water extraction for wet carpets. Our flood recovery service areas include West Auckland, North Shore, Eastern Bays, Hibiscus Coast, Rodney District, and South Auckland. Back to Top Flood Health Hazards The types of water that have affected the flood: The types of water are: Clean Water (Category 1) Newly flooded, uncontaminated water does not pose health risks. Grey (Category 2) This water is either three days old or not entirely clean, posing a mould risk from dishwasher and washing machine water. Black (Category 3) Contaminated water, which can contain pathogens. For example, sewage, toilet backflows, and seawater. In germ treatments, we get rid of the bacteria. A flooded carpet area may require a dehumidifier rental , an airmover blower , and a flood-drying fan to speed up the drying process. The affected area is often treated with antimicrobial disinfectant and then cleaned again to ensure proper sanitisation. Your carpet acts like a giant filter , trapping everything from harmful germs and pests to pollutants and odours — all of which can impact the indoor air quality that you and your family breathe. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry uses the best and most advanced truck-mounted steam carpet cleaning systems throughout Auckland. Back to Top Why Use Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services? Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry is your one-stop shop for carpet drying and restoration. We have all the gear needed to handle carpet cleaning, structural drying, water damage restoration, carpet uplift, repairs, and re-laying. We also offer superior equipment for hire. We’re your trusted ally in flood recovery. Our range of drying equipment includes industrial dehumidifier rentals, air mover blower fans, ozone units, air scrubbers, flood dryers, and water extractors — all delivered and installed at your flood job site. The advantages of dealing with the most significant flood restoration and carpet drying Auckland service company are as follows: 1. The most extensive stock of carpet dryers. Steam ‘n’ Dry Company has the most powerful water extraction for wet carpets and the supply of flood restoration equipment. 946 Airmover blower fans, 572 large Dehumidifiers, and 217 Wet Carpeting Hangers. Mostly in Steam n Dry’s carpet 60,00 square meter factory. We can handle 500 floods at one time. 2. Staff. We currently employ 29 professional staff. Including carpet layers, carpet repairers, builders, and carpet cleaning technicians. Therefore, certified water damage technicians, this amount of staff enables us to respond to a flood emergency immediately. 3. Complete Flood Service. Of course, this means less hassle for you. Steam ‘n’ Dry Flood Restoration Auckland Service provides water extraction, flood recovery, and structural or carpet drying services. 4. Steam ‘n’ Dry Wet Carpet Flood Drying Services. We are a full-service water damage and flood drying company, proudly serving Auckland since 1987. We take pride in our excellent reputation for honesty, experience, and trained service. Our flooded carpet drying services cover West Auckland, North Shore, South Auckland, Eastern Bays, Hibiscus Coast, and the Rodney District. Back to Top Flood And Carpet Drying Auckland Service FAQs Do I call A Flood Restoration Expert First? Answer: Your first obligation is to mitigate the damage. The best way to minimise the water damage is to get a flood restoration expert there ASAP.  Our team of experts can usually be on-site for an hour. After the water damage mitigation was priced and then commenced. You can then decide if you’re going to get Insurance to pay. Have peace of mind that you have help and an ally throughout the water damage drying and remediation process. Where Does Mould Usually Grow? Answer: Mould grows in warm, dry, and dark places. It can grow on just about any material. After water damage, mould often develops at the damaged site, behind walls, or on a leaky pipe. However, airborne spores released by decay can travel throughout your home and cause outbreaks in other areas. Mould remediation and dehumidification are necessary after a flood. Do My Carpets Need To Be Lifted? Answer: Carpeting with an underlay should be lifted in corners to fit air mover blower, fan dryers under the carpets, and underlay to dry the subflooring, especially behind skirting boards. The Plumber Asked, W here Is M y Crawlspace? Answer: Your crawlspace is the area beneath your home where contractors access your plumbing and wiring systems. Gravity draws excess water into the crawl space in case of a leak or flood. Since this area is without sunlight, excess dampness can lead to mould growth. Therefore, calling a water damage expert from At Steam ‘n’ Dry Flood Restoration Auckland Services is crucial if your crawlspace is wet. Indeed, a fast response is critical in mitigating structural damage and preventing mould growth. Will The Subflooring And Walls Dry? Answer: Steam ‘n’ Dry Service uses large dehumidifier rental units that are powerful enough to remove moisture from hard surfaces such as walls, subfloor concrete, or wood. What Happens During The Water Damage Restoration Process? Answer: When our technician arrives at your home, the first step will be to stop the water damage source. Indeed, our technician will inspect the damage, test for mould growth, and create a remediation plan. This plan may involve water extraction, mould remediation, drying, dehumidification, basic cleanup, and structural repairs. How Long Will It Take To Respond To My Flood? Flooded carpets, walls, and subflooring need urgent professional help to avoid unhealthy mould growth. Also, mitigate secondary damages. Why Are Carpet Dryers, Air Movers, And Dehumidifiers Used? Answer: Water can be absorbed into the drywall, baseboards, and sub-flooring when water damage occurs. Drying these surfaces requires high-velocity air movers, blower fans, and a commercial 90-litre per day capacity dehumidifier rental. As a result, it accelerates the release of absorbed water into the air. Indeed, it is necessary to place dehumidifiers to remove excess moisture to help protect property and create conditions for fast, efficient drying. What Is Covered By Your Insurance? Major New Zealand insurance companies generally have two basic types of insurance policy coverage. Indeed, building policies cover everything typically secured to your home building, such as your home or building structure, walls, skirting boards, cabinetry, and fixed-down carpets. Subsequently, content Insurance covers everything not attached to the building, such as furniture and personal belongings. Can My Wet Furniture Be Salvaged? Answer: Whether or not your furniture is salvageable will depend on its materials and the extent of the damage. At Steam ‘n’ Dry Flooded Carpet Auckland Services, the team will use the latest tools and techniques to restore your water-damaged furniture, documents, and other belongings. Will The Water Stain Be Removed? Answer: Yes, in about 97% of floods, the carpet staining is wholly removed The Flood Repair Guy S aid I Shouldn’t Use My Hands To Test If  My Possessions Were Wet. Why Not? Answer: The main reason is that you don’t get electrocuted in wet areas. Even if an item appears dry, it may be moist enough to conduct a charge and shock you if touched. Another reason is that feeling something could better indicate how wet or dry it is. About 60 per cent of your body is composed of water, so a touch test may not be valid. Thus, at Steam ‘n’ Dry Flood Auckland Services, the technicians use moisture meters to determine if an item or area is dry accurately. Does My Homeowners’ Build-to-Code Insurance Policy Cover Flooding? Answer: New Zealand homeowners’ insurance policies do cover flood remediation. What Should I Do After Finding A Water Leak? Answer: Even a small water leak can cause significant damage to your home if left unaddressed. If you’ve noticed a leak, take these steps immediately: Switch off the water source, typically near your water meter. Use towels to contain the water and prevent it from spreading. If the water damage is extensive, temporarily deactivate your home’s power by switching off the electricity. In addition, cables and appliances can become volatile when exposed to water, so do not enter a flooded room if it contains electrical devices. Move any water-damaged items to a dry place. Contact Steam ‘n’ Dry Flood Restoration Auckland Services to schedule a water damage cleanup. Indeed, our team is available 24/7 for emergency cleanup. Can I Get Personal Property Insurance Policy Coverage As A Renter? Answer: Yes! You can get content insurance to cover the contents of your home, apartment, or business. Why The Smelly Odour? Most building materials absorb some degree of moisture. But when over 18% moisture, those materials begin to erode and release tiny organic compounds into the air. Moreover, this decay is an ongoing process until the water can escape or dry, which means the smell could linger for quite some time. Likely, the odour indicates that your home needs some structural repair. How Do I Know My Wall Cavities Are Correctly Dry? Answer: Our moisture meters and infrared resters read 4 cm into surfaces. Therefore, we can see when it is properly dry. Also, I know where to target the drying equipment. Can I Use My Dehumidifier? Answer: Small home dehumidifiers will not get the relative humidity low enough to draw the moisture out of walls, structure, flooring, and carpeting. Thus, it avoids hidden mould growth, such as within jib wall cavities. How Long Will It Take F or M y Property To Dry? Answer: Each material in your home is different. The type of content, the amount of moisture, and the amount of time the content is flooded will determine how long it takes to dry. Generally, 3-5 days is a rule of thumb. There are three days for the carpet alone, four days if there’s underlay, and five days if the water has got within the wall framing. Another critical factor is the tools and techniques used to dry your materials. Indeed, we can mitigate the overall damage at Steam ‘n’ Dry Flood Auckland Services and possibly salvage your belongings using dehumidification and other proven techniques. Will My Insurance Policy Cover Water Damage? Answer: Yes, your policy should cover your flood damage, drying, and repairs, assuming that the cause of the water damage is a covered peril. Of course, some extenuating circumstances may cause your insurance carrier to deny your claim, for instance, if the water damage occurred due to your negligence. If your home suffered water damage from a recent flood, pipe leak, or another cause, contact Steam ‘n’ Dry Flood Restoration Auckland Services and ask about our water damage restoration services. We can extract the water, repair the damage, and help you file a claim with your insurance company. Can I Claim Insurance For My Flooded Home? Answer: You can if the flood water damage resulted from accidents and was not caused by neglect. If you call us directly, we will help you through the insurance process as your allies. What Are The Most Common Causes Of  Water Damage ? Answer: There are numerous causes of water damage, from torrential rainstorms to pipe leaks. If your home has suffered water damage, you must identify the root cause of the problem to prevent similar issues from arising in the future. It’s essential to schedule a visit from a water damage cleanup expert with the knowledge and tools to identify and fix the problem immediately. How Might A Flood Damage My Home? Answer: Repairing your home after a flood is more complicated than it might seem. If the water damage is extensive, your property may need comprehensive foundation, framing, walls, and floor repairs. Mould growth can also damage your home after a flood. Indeed, mould flourishes in moist areas, so it’s a primary concern after water damage. Of course, our Steam n Dry Flood Auckland Services team can assist with water damage cleanup, dehumidification, and mould remediation. We can also help with restoring water-damaged possessions. Will My Carpets Dry By Themselves? Answer: No, carpets will not dry when placed on a flat surface with underlay. To expedite proper drying, specialised equipment such as an airmover blower fan or dehumidifier like the one we recently installed is necessary. This ensures that moisture is effectively removed, preventing any potential mould growth. Is Dehumidification Necessary ? Answer: Yes. Most people associate water damage with severe floods and pipe leaks, but excess moisture in the air can be just as destructive as pooled water. Indeed, humid air can damage your home’s walls, floors, furniture, and other structural components. Dehumidification effectively reduces air moisture, thus mitigating damage to your home and preventing subsequent mould growth. We ensure that you won’t encounter any future health issues caused by long-term mould, mildew, or odour problems. Once the drying process for the walls, structure, and carpet is complete, we conduct moisture tests. Our drying process adheres to Auckland Council guidelines, guaranteeing the maintenance of a dry and healthy environment. Updated Last: 31 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Upholstery Cleaning Carpet Repairs →