Drying Buildings And Structures In Auckland Graeme Stephens, an IICRC-certified , 2001 Master Restoration Technician, offers this building drying information. Over 36 years of drying out timber framing, structural facilities and construction sites in South Auckland, North Shore, East, West Auckland and Hibiscus Coast. Thus, to help you make an informed decision about drying your buildings at home or workplace. Large dehumidification and blower fans can help dry buildings from excess water and avoid future black mould issues. Also, lowered relative humidity (RH) draws moisture towards the dryest point, the air, from materials used in construction, building frameworks or water damage. For the professionals from Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Drying Services, call 0800 110 282 or email us . Excess Moisture Content In Building Structure Materials Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry can restore flood damage, provide carpet drying service, and sanitise and disinfect to maintain human health as essential safety services. In water damage or excess moisture in the timber frame, the general rule is to apply dehumidification immediately. The flooded nature and extent of floodwater damage vary considerably. Indeed, it is necessary to assess the right approach, from timber-framed buildings to structural construction. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Drying Services provides structural dry-out services, including a blower for hire and a large-capacity dehumidifier for rent. Commercial Dehumidifier Rental It would help keep air change low when drying out newly constructed structural buildings . Also, you often have to meet a deadline. Thus, it’s essential to have high-capacity equipment like the giant 90-litre-per-day Commercial Dehumidifier Rentals. For over three decades, our building dryers have been equipped and provide all forms of building structure, drying out using powerful air blowers and giant commercial dehumidifiers. Drying Out Wood-Frame Structural Buildings Formerly, construction builders’ work on an average building lasted 6-9 months. When the structure was dried and finished, the timber framing building materials were dried out by natural ventilation. However, construction timber framing structural building work is very efficient and faster today. Dehumidification is required to remove the excess water in the various building materials before the Auckland Council’s pre-lines building moisture test inspection. The building can be safely reoccupied. Indeed, Steam ‘n’ Dry Dehumidifier Rentals Auckland has provided structural dry-out services, including blower hire and large-capacity dehumidifier rental. When hiring a dehumidifier to dry a building structure, consider the amount of moisture to be removed and the timeframe available to achieve optimal drying. In some cases, estimating the water content in the wooden framing building materials is taken from tables. Please note that it all comes down to the specific building materials used for framing and, if applicable, walls, floors, and roofs. Also, the water content of various structural building materials differs so much that a simple rule of thumb needs to be established. Drying Buildings Out Theory The water content of different building materials (kg/m 3 ) Material At The Start Of  The Project        Was Chemically Bound At 50% Rh Water For Dehumidification Wood                                            80                                                0                                            40                                              40 Concrete lightweight                    90                                                0                                             20                                             130 Concrete Heavy                          150                                              70                                            50                                              60 Tile Roof                                       10                                                0                                             10                                               0 Brick Wall                                     80                                                0                                             10                                               70 In the above example, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry wants to calculate the dehumidification required to effectively dry out excess water moisture from the structures of a newly constructed building in 30 days. The building is 2.8 m high, 8 m wide, and 18 m long. The floor, however, is to be dried out from 120 mm of thick concrete. The Building Volume Information: Period                              30 Days Drying RH                         Temp = 20°C and 50% RH (average between starting humidity at 60% RH and ending at approx. 40% RH) Building M3                      2.8 m x 7 x 18 = 403.2 m 3 Dehumidifier airflow      700 m3 per hour airflow Air mover Blower            2800 m3 per hour airflow Concrete            120mm The Calculation: Concrete volume for dehumidification: 18 x 8 * 0.12 = 17.28 m3 Water content on the concrete floor: 17.28 x 48 kg water/m3 = 829.44  kg water We need to remove 829228 Litres of water in 30 days: Water 829.44 @ 30 days = 27.64 Litres per 24 hours We need a dehumidification capacity of 27.64 L/24 hours. Recommendation: 30 Days- Steam n Dry (SND) 80. Capacity: 1.40 litres/hour at 20°C @ 50% RH. One SND 80 will remove 32.8 L/24 hours. That one SND 80 units dehumidifier rental should do the job in 30 days. 7-day building drying out. (SND) 80. Capacity: 1.40 litres/hour at 20°C @ 50% RH. One SND 80 will remove 32.8 L/24 hours. That four SND 80 units dehumidifier hire should do the job in 7 days. The flood drying process is quickest initially, as the water moisture content is high when you start the drying process. Then, when the RH value decreases, the overall dehumidification capacity will also decrease. Drying Building Process The dehumidifier runs continuously to dry out building structures and materials. The relative humidity lowered, allowing further evaporation from the damp wooden framing of building structures and materials in the room. The evaporation performance depends on the room, the elements, and the air’s humidity. An advantage of condensed moisture drying is that the process is stable if time is not the primary dehumidification method. It maintains a permanent condition of 20°C and approximately 40% RH in the room. Add artificial heat if necessary, but remember that forcing the drying process might be harmful. There is a risk of surface drying and cavitation, with only surfaces dried, whereas humidity remains within cavities inside the wall. Drying Buildings Advice Remember to seal the room or wooden frame building properly when empty. Also, remember to avoid pre-dried materials absorbing water because of open windows. In most cases, the humidity is in areas where water is from external sources, such as rain. Before the building roof goes on, the building framing is sealed off, or the construction is ongoing. The dehumidifier installation should be at these positions to do its best. For Auckland  Steam ‘n’ Dry Services, call 0800 110 282 or email us . Updated Last: 15 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Franchise Packages NZ Auckland Business for Sale NZ →