Book at Ellerslie, Carpet Cleaning East Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: east-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 520 0062 Ellerslie, East Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Ellerslie, East Auckland Manager – Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make An Easy Onli ne Boo king- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaning In Ellerslie, East Auckland Undoubtedly, Steam  ‘n’ Dry Ellerslie Carpet Cleaning in East Auckland will clean your carpets and upholstery with expert care at a reasonable price. Therefore, our Carpet Cleaning offers on-site truck-mounted steam cleaning and fast drying for your carpets. Additionally, our service pays special attention to detail, and thoroughness is our success, no job is too big or too small for our Carpet Cleaners. Thus, the Ellerslie Carpet Cleaning East Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service is consistent with vacuuming. You may also benefit from having your carpets professionally cleaned at least once a year. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning East Auckland Services is the solution. Considering the positive aspects of experienced carpet cleaning, consider the following techniques. The process leads to a healthier house. Thus, hiring a professional carpet cleaner saves you from these hassles: stains- from chocolate, tea, coffee, body fluids and old bubble gum. Certainly, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning East Auckland Services, take your time with your expensive carpets and upholstery! Leave all your carpet, upholstery & drapery cleaned to the experts! Senior citizen discounts are available. Established in 1987, Ellerslie Carpet Cleaning by East Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry offers a comprehensive range of services, including truck-mounted cleaning, stain removal, flood repairs, and couch cleaning. Our professional services cover West Auckland, Central City CBD, North Shore, South Auckland, and the Hibiscus Coast. Trust us to care for your carpet and upholstery cleaning needs with our decades of experience and expertise. Please phone us at 09 520 0062 . Updated Last: 09 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Us Eastern Suburbs, East Auckland Contact Us Glen Innes, East Auckland →