Contact Us In Pakuranga, East Auckland Make A Booking NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . For General Enquiries Email Us: info@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 520 0062 Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Specific Contacts Manager: Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz 021 271 5454 Managing Director: Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Pakuranga, East Auckland Pakuranga, East Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Service business has been family-owned since 1987. Steam ‘n’ Dry truck-mounted carpet cleaning units in Pakuranga, East Auckland, are the most effective equipment for cleaning carpets. And our natural citrus-based spray has emulsified the soil. Therefore, high-pressure but low-volume hot steam is applied to the mats with pressure. Also, it is a quick extraction with a powerful vacuum that draws dirt, viruses, and germs from your carpeting. Even so, we work with high carpet cleaning standards recommended by manufacturers Carpet and Rug Institute. Thus, phone Pakuranga Carpet Cleaners at 09 489 7784 . Additionally, Pakuranga, East Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners has over three decades of experience in the carpet cleaning industry, and we can guarantee you’ll get excellent results. Indeed, we understand the challenging times we all live in, so we offer a reliable, safe and flexible service at an affordable price. Therefore, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry uses the most effective proprietary state-of-the-art superior truck-mounted cleaning units. Hence, you get 7x cleaner carpets and upholstery than most. Our truck mount also uses 84°C hot steam, which safely kills viruses, allergens, germs, dust mites and moulds. For example, you can benefit from our budget-friendly rates. Thus, we strive to provide our customers with the utmost value for their investment and ensure top-quality service. Also, you can schedule any of our carpet cleaning services at your convenience. Additionally, we extend our services to West Auckland, Central City CBD, North Shore, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Updated Last: 10 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Us Panmure, East Auckland Contact Us in Remuera St Johns, East Auckland →