Contact Us In Remuera St. Johns, East Auckland Make A Booking NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . General Enquiries Email Us: info@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 520 0062 Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Specific Contacts Manager: Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz 021 271 5454 Managing Director: Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Professional Carpet Cleaning In Remuera St. Johns, East Auckland Are you looking for an outstanding, locally-owned carpet cleaning professional in Auckland? Look no further than ASD in Remuera St. Johns, East Auckland. We utilise the most advanced proprietary steam cleaning equipment to ensure your carpets receive the highest quality treatment. Indeed, we give your carpets & upholstery a new lease of life with a deep clean and sanitise! Apart from that, we also work in the high carpet cleaning industry standards of CRI . Thus, we offer stain removal, flood repairs and upholstery cleaning services in East Auckland. On the other hand, Remuera St Johns, East Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, has been owned and operated by Graeme Stephens since 1987. Therefore, we know how essential it is for your health and well-being to maintain pristine carpets, upholstery, and rugs in your residential or commercial setting. Furthermore, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry comprises expert cleaning professionals who serve West Auckland, Central City CBD, North Shore, South Auckland, and the Hibiscus Coast. That is why we offer a fast and effective professional carpet cleaning service using environmentally friendly products and cleaning methods. Aside from that, not only will your carpets be well-maintained and look amazing after East Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry carpet cleaning services. But we’ll also be helping keep your environment hygienic and safe. Therefore, ensure the longevity of your carpets in both commercial and residential premises by consistently engaging the services of the experienced professionals at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Service. Call us at 09 489 7784 . Last Updated: 10 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Us in Pakuranga, East Auckland Contact Us Dairy Flat, Hibiscus Coast →