Book At Dannemora, Carpet Cleaning East Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: east-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 520 0062 Dannemora, East Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Dannemora, East Auckland Manager – Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make A Fast Online Booking. GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaners In Dannemora, East Auckland At Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners in Dannemora, East Auckland, we have been in the industry for over 35 years. Of course, we do our best to keep our education and training up to today’s current trends and technology! Dannemora Carpet Cleaning Service takes pride in every home and commercial carpet cleaning. Indeed, we built our reputation for being on time for every job. Hence, the Dannemora Carpet Cleaning Service treats every home as our own. And we ensure that your carpets, upholstery, tile, and grout or draperies are clean to the highest standards possible. In addition,  Dannemora East Auckland Carpet Cleaners can enhance the look of one’s household and extend the life of one’s carpet. Undoubtedly, the most valuable benefit of this process is the improvement of your family’s well-being. The service includes flood repairs, stain removal, pest control, sanitisation, and upholstery cleaning. According to the Lung Association , households suffer from conditions affecting their breathing, including snoring or asthma. Hence, you must vacuum and clean your carpets at least every three weeks . Furthermore, Steam ‘n Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland Services caters to flood repairs, stains, and upholstery cleaning in West Auckland Central City CBD, North Shore, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Therefore, call now at 09 520 0062 . Updated Last: 09 July 2025 By GRAEME STEPHENS ← Contact Us in Botany, East Auckland Contact Us in Eastern Bays, East Auckland →