Book At Howick, Carpet Cleaning East Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: east-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 520 0062 Howick, East Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Howick East Auckland Manager – Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make an easy online booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaning In Howick, East Auckland Having your Residential Carpet Cleaning Services frequently can prevent mould and mildew growth simply because specialist carpet cleaners have truck-mounted high-powered drying tools that annihilate moisture. By removing moisture, you can prevent mould growth, which, if left untreated, could negatively affect your health.  Therefore, our professional carpet cleaners are proud to perform Professional Steam Cleaning with first-class equipment consisting of powerful truck-mounted machinery, drying, and unique cleaning products. Don’t worry about carpet damage in high-traffic areas of your home. Our specialised equipment can restore your carpet by lifting its fibres back to their original length and shape while effectively removing built-up dirt. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning East Auckland is the perfect solution to revitalise your carpets. Additionally, if your furniture is too heavy to move, you may end up cleaning only parts of the carpet, leaving others dirty—but we can help with that too! Tips For Choosing a Carpet Cleaner in Auckland Howick East Auckland carpet cleaner has points to consider when choosing a Carpet Cleaner Company, following the Australian Carpet Cleaning Institute. First, when selecting the right carpet and upholstery cleaning company, you should explain what you want from the carpet cleaner. Aside from that, when you contact them, let them know the size of the rug or carpeting to be flood repaired, stain removal, sanitisation, and upholstery cleaned. Then, the carpet cleaning East Auckland steam cleaning heat destroys most microbes, bacteria, dust mites, fungi, and other microscopic organisms that can live in a rug. Thus, steam cleaning, also known as extraction cleaning, is beneficial for people with allergies. In addition, Howick Carpet Cleaner East Auckland uses Truck-mounted cleaners for Stains, Flood Repairs, and Couch Cleaning. For help, please call us on 09 520 0062 . Last Updated: 09 July 2025 BY GRAEME STEPHENS ← Contact Halfmoon Bay, East Auckland Contact Us Panmure, East Auckland →