Fire & Smoke Cleanup/Restoration in Auckland Seeing your home and personal goods damaged by fire and smoke can be one of the worst things a homeowner can go through. After such a loss, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has the experts to help you rest and relieve you. Steam ‘n’ Dry Fire and Smoke Cleaning Auckland Service experts are best trained for fire and smoke damage cleanup. Our technicians ensure the use of quality equipment, including truck mounts, to deliver superior-quality cleaning services. They utilise techniques such as exhausting odours outside and employing ozone generators, fog machines, and UV technology to eliminate smoke odours effectively. Additionally, insurance companies across East Auckland, West Auckland, North Shore, and South Auckland recognise and approve of our services. Our disinfectants eliminate odours, moulds, bacteria, germs, and viruses like COVID-19. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry uses powerful 85°C hot steam to clean carpets, upholstery fibres, and hard surfaces thoroughly. Our FDA-approved products also target and eliminate COVID-19 and other viruses, ensuring a safe and fresh environment. In addition, we follow the BSR/IICRC S700 Standard for Professional Fire and Smoke Damage Restoration. Our Smoke Cleanup Remediation Process 24/7 emergency service – we’re onsite most of the time. Careful removal and storage of damaged household goods and personal possessions for cleaning restoration. Emergency board-up of broken windows. Prompt damage assessment and a no-obligation quotation. Antimicrobial treatments to prevent mould and mildew. Safe, friendly truck mount steam cleaning for capable residual smoke soot removal. Odour removal , soot cleanup, sanitation and industrial ozone units. Truck mount and sizeable portable water extraction, dehumidifiers and air movers. Therefore, remove and dry the water after putting out the fire. The insurance company approved. House Smoke Soot Damage Restoration We eliminate the source of the odour by transporting affected items to our factory for thorough cleaning using our powerful truck-mounted steam extraction equipment. This process removes soot stains from surfaces while addressing smoke damage, odours, and deep-seated soot in upholstery and carpets. Our sizable ozone machines are used to eliminate persistent odours. Moreover, we are recognised and approved by insurance companies. House And Content Smoke Cleanup Most fire damage work is the result of soot and odours. We, therefore, specialise in safely removing the challenging and hard-to-remove smoke, soot and smell. Large truck mounts steam cleaning can result in the smoke cleanup removal of soot stains from all areas—deep-down clean soot from upholstery and carpet. Of course, we also have large ozone machines to help remove smells and odours. Steam ‘n’ Dry Fire Smoke Soot Cleanup Auckland Service Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has been family-owned since 1987, uses the most significant commercial truck mount units in Auckland, New Zealand. We have provided quality fire and smoke cleaning services since 1987. Our company also serves home and work clients with high standards and attention to Auckland regulations, including East, West, North Shore, City, and South Auckland. We also provide expert odour removal, structural building drying, meth decontamination , and mould removal services in Auckland. Call us on 0800 783-266 or email us for fire and remedial smoke cleanup. Updated Last: 18 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Kill Fleas Meth P Cleaning News →