Flea Control Auckland Services Graeme Stephens, an expert in flea control and an IICRC-certified Master Restoration Technician with over 36 years of experience, provides this valuable flea control information to pet owners throughout Auckland. This is to help you decide about your next flea elimination service. Contact the professionals at Steam ‘n’ Dry, Flea Control Auckland Service. Furthermore, we provide ASD-certified pest control services and possess these $50,000 truck-mounted 84°C hot steam carpet cleaning systems. Our Flea Control Service Uses 84°C H ot Steam, Proven To Kill Fleas And Their Eggs. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry is uniquely best equipped for the most effective flea control services. To properly and effectively break the flea cycle, don’t forget that you need more than just a flea control spray or bomb. The problem with a home flea infestation is that flea eggs, usually in the hundreds, hatch after the flea spray treatment or bomb has dissipated. Studies show that the most effective way to break a flea infestation is by using a steam cleaning machine that reaches over 70°C. Thoroughly hot steam cleaning the carpet, mattresses, and upholstery provides better results. Our state-of-the-art, truck-mounted carpet cleaning equipment delivers higher heat, stronger pressure, and superior vacuum performance. After steam cleaning, as part of our flea control system to effectively disrupt the flea life cycle, we apply a pest control treatment to eliminate any remaining fleas. Our Professional Carpet Cleaning Services uses the most potent truck-mount hot steam carpet cleaning units in Auckland, New Zealand. Thus, it utilises 84°C hot steam at the point of contact. As a result, Steam ‘n’ Dry Flea Control Auckland Services can offer a complete guarantee with a pest flea control treatment, which most pest control companies will not provide steam cleaners for fleas. Thus, they often must return to redo the home flea control expert to kill the newly hatched fleas. This re-treatment is useless because new eggs may wait to hatch after the redo pest treatment has dissipated. Steam Cleaning In Flea Control Service Our Capable truck-mount hot steam cleaning units kill and remove viruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and other pathogens from mattresses, carpets, and upholstery. For more peace of mind, our Carpet Cleaners not only use 84°C hot steam at the interior car upholstery point of contact. But they also use FDA-approved products to kill coronaviruses, pests, bacteria, and allergens throughout West Auckland, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Flea Control FAQs What Are Fleas? Fleas are parasites known for their skin-biting and blood-sucking abilities. Home fleas look like a black-brown pepper, about one mm long. When you see fleas, they jump away for cover. You know a dozen of their comrades are hiding if you see fleas. Flea eggs are approximately 1mm and fall off pets and to the floor, usually resting in cracks between boards, mouldings, or leaf litter. Fleas can enter homes through various means, such as hitching a ride on pets or infesting outdoor areas near the house. Once inside, they can multiply quickly, laying eggs on carpets, furniture, bedding, and other surfaces. The eggs hatch into larvae, which later form pupae and eventually emerge as adult fleas. Does Steam Cleaning Kill Fleas & Their Eggs? Does 84°C hot steam cleaning kill fleas? Yes! Of course, Hot Water Steam Cleaning is simple yet effective in killing fleas. It could terminate and remove all larvae, eggs, and adult fleas with hot steam. The hot steam water makes the flea control service process more straightforward and safer than pesticides. With it, some of your fleas may succeed and go relatively high. Fleas can’t survive high temperatures generated by 84°C hot steam cleaners. Therefore, ensure you get a good quality 84°C hot steam cleaner capable of getting over 70 °C hot steam. Also, remember the carpet, upholstery furniture, mattresses, pet bed surface or hard flooring you will be working on, and then decide upon your purchase. Has The Cat And Dog Flea Developed Resistance To Flea Control Products? Yes. The cat and dog flea is resistant to more products than any other type of flea, but rotating products helps decrease resistance. Do You Also Use Flea Control Pesticide Chemical Treatments? We recommend Mister Sprayers as better than fogger units because you can direct the mist spray under beds, upholstery furniture, or other places that the fogger units may be unable to access. The flea pest control Auckland mist treatments will kill the larvae and the adult flea, but the eggs will still hatch. However, home fleas will usually mature into adults. Using IGA has potential human health hazards, so the Steam ‘n’ Dry Flea Control Auckland service does not use IGAs. It can make flea control very hard because the pupa can be dormant for many months while waiting for vibration or heat activation. Depending on the severity of the infestation, it could take more than one treatment for total eradication. How Quickly Can Fleas Lay Eggs? The female lays eggs 30 hours after her first blood deed. Fleas lay up to 44 eggs daily, equal to their body weight. The fleas can lay this many eggs because they suck up 11 times their body weight of blood daily. This blood lust will continue for four months. It’s essential to get an expert flea control service immediately. How Long Will It Take For One Flea To Develop Into A Million Fleas? Six weeks. One flea can go through its entire life cycle and lay 995 eggs in three weeks. In another three weeks, those eggs can hatch and lay 995 eggs each, so that you can have a million born fleas within six weeks. Why Do Fleas Prefer Pets? Because fleas prefer dark fur areas, fleas gravitate to haired areas on your cat or dog’s skin. Dog or cat pets have more hair than people (more dark hiding places). Because fleas prefer darkness, they scatter from sight if we part the hair to look for them. It can be challenging to find the fleas in them. Does Carpet Cleaning Kill Fleas? Carpet cleaning can help reduce the flea population in your home, but it may not eliminate them. Thus, steam cleaning can help disrupt the flea life cycle. The steam cleaner can kill adult fleas, eggs, and larvae on contact, reducing their population. However, ensure it reaches an appropriate temperature to be effective against fleas. That is why the Steam ‘n’ Dry Company utilises hot steam cleaning equipment that achieves 84°C to kill fleas effectively. What Are The Hot Steam Cleaner Advantages To Control Fleas? Works as a standard house cleaner and a flea eradication machine. Eco-friendly 84°C Hot Steam Cleaning is proven to be environment-friendly. It has no harmful chemicals or pesticides that adversely affect your furniture, pets or kids. Learn to use a steam cleaner properly, and you will be ready! Our Hot Steam cleaner reaches spots unseen and away from human eyes. Everything is removed from your home, from adult fleas to flea eggs and larvae. Frequently using a 70°C + hot steam cleaner will ensure you can eliminate flea infestations and prevent future ones. Do Adult Fleas Jump On And Off Animals? Yes, adult fleas are highly adept at jumping on and off animals. Fleas have powerful hind legs that propel them at significant distances relative to their size. They can jump vertically up to seven inches and horizontally up to 13 inches, which enables them to move from the environment onto an animal host and vice versa. How Does A Dry Vacuum Cleaner Compare With A Hot Steam Cleaner To Kill/Control Fleas? Yes, it helps slow them down, at least. Use a powerful vacuum on any floors, upholstery, and mattresses. Upright vacuum cleaners with a powerhead are best. Use a vacuum with a bag you can dispose of without contacting its contents. Indeed, vacuum cleaning is the easiest way to clean your house and its surroundings. But solving the issue once and for all won’t be precisely possible with vacuuming alone. It would need help reaching awkward spaces in carpets, upholstery, and mattresses in your home. The best way is to use vacuuming and hot steam cleaning that achieves 84°C to kill fleas and their eggs and stop the flea cycle. What Does Flea Dirt Mean? The female consumes 11 times her body weight in blood, passing through their digestive system and defecating onto the skin. These faeces are called flea dirt. The female fleas lay their weight in eggs daily and can lie for over 95 days. How Do Fleas Suck Blood? Fleas drink blood using two mouthparts. One part squirts saliva and partially digested blood into the victim, and another sucks blood from the victim. Thus, fleas transmit pathogens, like tapeworms, to your cats and dogs. So, contact a flea control service as quickly as possible. How To Break The Flea Cycle Employ a hot steam cleaner for fleas, carpets, mattresses, and upholstery, including pet beds. The combination of high heat, steam, and soap kills fleas in all stages of life. Look for any hot spots where your pet usually lies down. Breaking the flea life cycle—eggs, larvae, and adults—requires more than just a standard flea control treatment. Flea eggs often hatch after the initial spray, leading to ongoing infestations. That’s why 84°C hot steam cleaning is essential—it kills and removes fleas and their eggs effectively. Steam ‘n’ Dry Flea Control Auckland Services offers powerful truck-mounted carpet cleaners that deliver higher heat, steam pressure (PSI), and vacuum suction for superior results. The same hot steam also kills and removes allergens, bacteria, pests, viruses, and dust mites. Can I Get Home Flea Bites At Night? Yes, it is possible to get flea bites at night. Fleas are most active during warm and humid conditions in the summer months. They are nocturnal creatures, meaning they are more active during the night and early morning hours. Flea bites are typically itchy and appear as small, red bumps and can occur anywhere on the body, but they are commonly found on the lower legs, ankles, and feet, as these parts of the body are easier for fleas to access. Do Fleas Like Some Areas Of My Cat Or Dog More Than Others? Yes, fleas prefer the rump and the head, which your cat or dog pet cannot reach to remove them. Therefore, fleas also find the belly a choice area to invade. Perhaps you’ll find flea infestations along the spine between the shoulder blades on some dogs or cats. It is crucial to treat your pets regularly to prevent flea infestations and protect their health and comfort. How Quickly Do Flea Eggs Hatch? Half of all house flea eggs hatch within three days if the temperature is 25°C and 70% humidity. If it is only 14°C, half of all flea eggs will hatch within five days. How Do Fleas Survive The Freezing Winters? Fleas, eggs, larvae or pupae die if the temperature falls to 10°C for nine days. Still, home fleas can survive in colder areas South of Auckland, where it’s much colder than 10°C. Why? These fleas survive on stray domestic animals and wild animals—opossums and in: Hay Barns Heated garages Pet bedding Heavy Carpets We are well-equipped to provide superior flea control, mattress cleaning, upholstery and carpet cleaning services across West Auckland, North Shore, East Auckland, South Auckland, and the Hibiscus Coast. Contact us now on 0800 110 282 , or email us . Updated Last: 18 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Preventive Pest Control Cockroach Pest Control →