Flood And Carpet Drying Auckland Service Guide If there is still standing water, these flood restoration tips are better than doing nothing. Flood Restoration 1. Flood Restoration Tips – Implement Caution When First Entering Your Home. It is practical to wear rubber boots and gloves, one of the best flood restoration tips. Please switch the electricity off at the breaker box and get all electrical appliances and extension cords up on the higher ground to dry them out. Be sure your home is structurally safe, which means looking out for broken sharp objects on the floor and anything you might trip over. Call the flood experts ASAP to dry the carpet and structure before mould and rot begin. 2. Boil All Drinking Water or Use Bottled Water. All drinking water should be boiled or bottled through a water purifier. Sewage contamination areas should be cleaned with household bleach and water solutions. We suggest a 25% bleach-to-water solution. 3. Flood Restoration Tips – When In Doubt, Throw It Away. The other helpful flood restoration tip is to toss out all water-damaged rugs, particleboard furniture, mattresses , suitcases, food, photographs and books and adhere to your local authority guidelines for disposal—a guide for flood drying services . A lot of electrical appliances will not survive if submerged in water. Dishwashers, refrigerators, and vacuum cleaners are less expensive to replace than to repair. Use rubber gloves and a mask to avoid inhaling toxic particles when cleaning loose debris. 4. Wash And Dry Everything As Much As Possible. Use the hot sanitising cycle on your washing machine, including water-soaked beddings, towels, drapes, cushions, and clothing. Dry clean heat-sensitive textiles and put dishes through the dishwasher on the hot cycle. 5. Get Rid Of The Remaining Water And Dehumidify Damp Areas. Clean up the last standing water with a portable submersible sump pump and a wet-dry vac. Then, use a high-capacity, low-temperature dehumidifier to attend to the rest. An auxiliary or built-in pump makes this task a lot easier. It is important to open windows and ventilate rather than turn on the high heat [about 50 ° F] in the house or use fans, which is an invitation to grow mould spores and spread them around the house. Do not dry out the home too hurriedly because it will cause wood floors to warp and buckle if you do. Get the experts to dry the carpet properly to avoid mould surprises and long-term smell issues. 6. Flood Restoration Tips – Clean All Surfaces Thoroughly. Wash down all surfaces, including those not in direct contact with your bleach solution, such as walls, cabinets, and basement floors. Then, wipe down with clear water. Using a vapour steam cleaner on all surfaces to disinfect is an even better solution. 7. Check For Interior And Structural Damage. In particular, jib drywall up to and 2 feet above flood restoration moisture levels on walls and remove all insulation that came in contact with floodwaters. And it is imperative to do this if you want to avoid future mould problems. Indeed, we have heard too many horror stories from people whose houses became infested with toxic mould – so it is not worth taking a chance and skipping this step. Next, replace hardwood flooring, especially all subfloors, if flood-soaked. Then, keep ventilating with fresh air until the house is dry. Has the ductwork been professionally cleaned after the house has dried out? Flood tip: Ensure the flood restoration company uses good moisture meters to prevent mould growth later. 8. Inspect Your Electrical And Plumbing Systems. Subsequently, have an HVAC professional inspect your electrical systems and appliances. Replace all filters and switches. Check your furnace, as burnout of the motor may be imminent. Be sure your plumbing and toilet facilities are working. These flood restoration tips are provided to you by Graeme Stephens, an IICRC 2001 Master Restoration Technician , to help you best dry carpet flood for your home and save on unnecessary replacement costs. Perhaps, for the flooded carpet drying experts, call 0800 783-266 or email Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry. Updated Last: 18 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Wet Carpet Flood Tips Carpet Care Tips →