Carpet Cleaning Franchise Packages The following Carpet Cleaning Franchise Package options cater to every budget — from entry-level start-up packages, to standard business packages, all the way to high-earning Pro packages with full business agreements. Franchise Packages Definitions Full Training And Support Of course, this is a week-long, comprehensive carpet cleaning training program in Auckland, followed by continued training support as required. Booking Management Program It includes online booking, phone-ins, emails, and others. Marketing Management – Franchise Packages Thus, it includes a monthly email newsletter, search engine optimisation (SEO) for the area, and other marketing management. Exclusive Large Area It means any work for that area goes to the franchise. However, the franchisee can contract to work back to the franchiser when mass flooding overflows. Administration Bookkeeping Indeed, this computerised online administration program simplifies office processes and time. Truck-Mounted Carpet Cleaner – Franchise Packages Furthermore, this is believed to be the most giant, most powerful truck-mounted carpet cleaning machine in New Zealand, which does an outstanding cleaning job. Also, even new or used. Also, with a one-year parts and service warranty. TM Carpet Cleaning Accessories Moreover, this includes approximately three months of carpet cleaning and stain products. Also, carpet cleaning wand, hoses and attachments, 16-litre battery-powered commercial sprayer, uniforms, shirts, etc. New. One-year parts and service warranty. TM Upholstery Clean Accessories It includes approximately three months of upholstery cleaning and stain products, mattress and upholstery cleaning hand tools. Solar Pump Sprayer hoses and attachments. New or new. One-year parts and service warranty. 5 Flood Drying Set up It includes a non-invasive moisture meter, 5x industrial dehumidifiers on big wheels (80 litres per day high airflow capacity), 10x carpet dryers, and various other tools. It also includes a carpet kicker. One-year parts and service warranty. New or new. One-year parts and service warranty. Whole Decon Cleanup Set Up It includes a commercial, industrial ozone generator on wheels, large commercial fogging machines, and personal Safety Wear, New or new: one-year parts and service warranty. Full Vehicle Branding This includes the Steam ‘n’ Dry exclusive complete paintwork and extensive van signwriting. Basic Vehicle Branding This includes the Steam ‘n’ Dry exclusive logo and basic van signwriting. 15-50k Hiace Van Included It’s variable from 15k for a used Hiace van to 50k for a new Toyota Hiace. Sub Franchise Options – Franchise Packages As the business grows, the franchisee can profit from putting additional vehicles on the road at cost or sub-franchising to others to maintain and capitalise on the franchise business growth. Upgrade Options Available It can be additional truck-mounted carpet cleaners, flood equipment, etc. Monthly Fees – Franchise Packages Based on 5% of the Carpet Cleaning franchise business income, for the: On-Going Support Booking Management Program Marketing Management Administration Bookkeeping Lease Franchise Packages Generally, when we set up our standard franchise models, it was clear that there was also a market for a low-cost, entry-level franchise package that would allow the right, talented individuals to become a part of the Steam ‘n’ Dry family. So we designed our ‘Lease Franchise’ package. How it Works Again, our Lease Franchisees undergo the same practical ‘hands-on’ training as all others. However, our franchisees don’t have an exclusive territory. They can still work as an approved subcontractor within any Franchise territory requested (subject to the Master Franchise and relevant Franchisee). In addition, you work directly for the customer within the Franchise area. Your Monthly Income is a percentage commission (currently 40% of the total job value) payable to the relevant franchise that owns the territory. So you’ve paid for the jobs you do. Key points of the Lease Franchise package are: First, you are only paid commission on your jobs, but no work volume is guaranteed. Secondly, you have no marketing, job booking costs, or management. These are included in your job percentage fee. Thirdly, you must have cleaning equipment and a van approved by the Master Franchise or purchase approved equipment. Next, you can lease the van and equipment, including the truck mount cleaner, for 10%, so 30% of the total income commission. Besides that, you must work under the ‘Steam ‘n’ Dry’ brand, using our cleaning solutions purchased from the Master Franchise. Moreover, lease franchisees are welcome to upgrade to a Standard or Managed Franchise at preferential rates at any time (subject to availability). Furthermore, lease franchisees do not own their exclusive territory. Lastly, Lease Franchisees are on a 12-month contract (renewable each year, subject to the approval of the Master Franchise). Request Franchise Information Fill out this form to receive your free Steam n Dry franchise information report. [honeypot hp-confirm-email] —Please choose an option— Northland Auckland Waikato Bay of Plenty Gisborne Hawke's Bay Taranaki Manawatu-Wanganui Wellingotn Tasman Nelson Marlborough West Coast Canterbury Otago Southland Updated Last: 18 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Stain Release Drying Building Hire & Service →