Contact Us In Orewa, Hibiscus Coast Make A Booking NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . For General Enquiries Email Us: info@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09-426 5006 Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Specific Contacts Manager: Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz 021 271 5454 Managing Director: Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Steam Cleaners In Orewa, Hibiscus Coast Since 1987, Orewa, Hibiscus Coast, has provided over three decades of premium carpet cleaning services in Auckland. Thus, working with a professional carpet cleaning company will help extend your carpet’s lifespan. Therefore, we are dedicated to our work, allowing you to free up time for other matters. At the same time, our team receives expert training to meet IICRC-certified standards . Notably, we could deal with any of the following: stains from chocolate, tea, coffee, body fluids, and even old bubble gum. We also offer flood repairs, stain removal, sanitisation, upholstery, and carpet cleaning. In particular, the technicians know how to clean all types of fabrics due to their experience. Therefore, you can rely on us. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry offers professional carpet cleaning services at competitive prices! Book our skilled technicians and have your carpet impeccably groomed quickly. To sum up, we will bring the as-new look to any carpet, including Persian rugs, area rugs and more. If you need Steam ‘n’ Dry carpet cleaning to deal with a nasty stain or any other accident on your rug, you can now book us online. Also, you can reach us at 09 262 0720: Orewa, Hibiscus Coast Auckland. Thus, regular carpet cleaning is essential to maintain a healthy indoor environment, prolong the lifespan of your carpets, and preserve their appearance. Updated Last: 10 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Us Dairy Flat, Hibiscus Coast Carpet Cleaning Hibiscus Coast →