Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, The Best Dry Cleaning Service In Silverdale General Enquiries: Email Us: hib-coast@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 426 5008 Silverdale, Hibiscus Coast, Rodney District Silverdale Hibiscus Coast Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contact: Branch Manager hib-coast@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager: Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director: Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Accounts Manager: Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make An Instant Online Booking In Silverdale, Hibiscus Coast- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaning Hibiscus Coast Enhance the well-being of your family. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry carpet and upholstery cleaning services in Silverdale, Hibiscus Coast, are dedicated to maintaining the pristine condition of your carpets and upholstery. Moreover, our regular carpet cleaning routines contribute to a healthier living space, eliminating germs, dirt, dust mites, and allergens from your home. Eventually, try our mould clean-up, pest control, inside car upholstery cleaning, rug cleaning and dust mites control services. Moreover, as your local carpet cleaning experts, we have several first-rate cleaning packages available for your every need: the Deep Steam Cleaning Special and the Carpet Stain Protector Package. Thus, Silverdale Carpet Cleaning Hibiscus Coast is the most popular. Subsequently, do you want to eliminate carpet’ dirt, allergens, and stains and have a healthier home? We offer a proficient carpet cleaning service that is cost-effective and convenient to schedule online. Therefore, we work in compliance with the Carpet Emissions Law . In addition, Silverdale Carpet Cleaning Hibiscus Coast Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry can help you with steam cleaning, dry compound cleaning, stain removal and stain protection. Truck-mounted Carpet Cleaner Hibiscus Coast Auckland Residue-free cleaning: Carpets are pre-cleaned with an indoor-friendly HEPA or Truck-mounted carpet cleaner to remove loose dirt. In contrast, the Truck-mounted outsider filtration system cleans the interior air. On the other hand, we provide stain removal, couch cleaning, sanitising, and carpet repairs in Hibiscus Coast. Other services include disinfecting, mattress cleaning, bed bug control, wet carpet drying, pet urine odour removal, and flea control. Therefore, when the Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry team arrives at your home or business, we bring a state-of-the-art truck-mounted cleaning machine worth $45k, widely recognised as the finest equipment in the industry. This advanced technology guarantees effective carpet cleaning, tile cleaning and upholstery cleaning. To ensure top-quality service, contact Silverdale Carpet Cleaning Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry 1987 in Hibiscus Coast at 09 424 5355 . Our longstanding commitment to excellence is evident in our choice of superior products and equipment. Updated Last: 11 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Carpet Cleaning Hibiscus Coast Contact Us in Wairewa, Hibiscus Coast →