Auckland Steam n Dry, Book Your Dairy Flat Carpet Cleaning Hibiscus Coast. General Enquiries: Email Us: hib-coast@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 426 5008 Dairy Flat, Hibiscus Coast, Rodney District Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contact: Branch Manager hib-coast@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager: Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director: Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Accounts Manager: Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make An Instant Online Booking In Dairy Flat Hibiscus Coast. GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaning Hibiscus Coast Improve your Family’s Health with Dairy Flat Carpet Cleaning, Hibiscus Coast, Auckland. The Steam ‘n’ Dry 1987 service can steam clean upholstery, rugs and carpets to remove hidden dirt and restore their brilliant colours. Therefore, Steam ‘n’ Dry works with homeowners and commercial clients throughout Auckland. So, call us to request your service appointment. Cleaning packages are available for your every need: the Deep Steam Cleaning Special and the Carpet Stain Protector Package. Above all, Dairy Flat Carpet Cleaning Hibiscus Coast Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry is the most popular. Subsequently, do you want to eliminate carpet’ dirt, allergens, and stains and have a healthier home? We offer a proficient carpet cleaning service that is cost-effective and conveniently bookable online. Also, we work in compliance with the Australian/New Zealand Standard . Indeed, Dairy Flat Carpet Cleaning Hibiscus Coast Auckland Steam n Dry can help you with steam cleaning, dry compound cleaning, stain removal and carpet protection. Residue-Free Cleaning Carpets are pre-cleaned with an indoor-friendly HEPA or Truck-mounted carpet cleaner to remove loose dirt. In contrast, the Truck-mounted outsider filtration system cleans the interior air. Generally, we provide stain removal, couch cleaning, sanitising, and carpet repairs on the Hibiscus Coast. Other services include disinfecting mattresses, bed bug control, wet carpet drying, pet urine odour removal, and flea control. Thus, try our mould clean-up, pest control, carpet repair and laying, inside car upholstery cleaning, rug cleaning, and dust mites control services. Since the beginning, Dairy Flat Carpet Cleanings Hibiscus Coast Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has been committed to using Auckland’s best solutions and equipment. When we arrive at your home or business, we bring a $45k truck mount cleaning machine (the best equipment in the industry) to give your carpet, tile and upholstery the deepest clean possible. For help, contact us at Dairy Flat at 09 424 5355 . Updated Last: 09 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Contact Us in Remuera St Johns, East Auckland Contact Us in Orewa, Hibiscus Coast →