Why Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning SUPERIOR TRUCK MOUNT CARPET CLEANING EQUIPMENT As recommended by all the world’s largest carpet makers.  Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry uses the largest, powerful, superior truck mount hot steam cleaning units in Auckland.  So, you get the best clean results possible. Therefore, it removes more germs, dirt, stains, mites, pests, and allergens, using our proprietary truck mount steam clean, with a carpet cleaning service guarantee . And for apartment carpet cleaning, we use our big 500psi black max portable units. STEAM ‘N’ DRY REMOVES 99% OF DIRT, ALLERGENS, AND GERMS FROM CARPETS Carpets are like sinkholes; they filter everything, including harmful germs, pests, pollution, allergens, stains, and odours. As a matter of fact, this affects the indoor air quality that you and your family have to breathe. We extract 99% of the dirt, stains, and allergens from your carpets, utilising a citrus spray solution that doesn’t leave a sticky residue. Also, Steam ‘n’ Dry truck-mounted carpet cleaner units exhaust the germs and asthma allergens outside. VERY FAST DRYING TIME Our huge vacuum power carpet cleaning truck mount units remove 93% of the moisture from your carpet pile. Leaving you with a fresh, clean carpet nearly dry. With our professional carpet cleaning Auckland, Steam ‘n’ Dry Experts. THE  EXPERT AUCKLAND CARPET CLEANERS All our staff are trained to the highest international standards, IICRC and ASD certified. Our uniformed, professional carpet cleaners have been with Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry for over 15 years, bringing loyalty and dedication to every job. Taking extra care with your home carpets, including thorough stain removal, to ensure top-quality results. The Largest Carpet Cleaning Auckland Wide Company Family-owned since 1987, for over 30 years of training, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has been using the highest quality truck-mounted carpet cleaning equipment to provide clients with the following: The peace of mind that comes with a fresh and clean home or office. Steam ‘n’ Dry is dedicated to hi-tech proven methods for carpet cleaning, flood drying, upholstery cleaning and more in Auckland. You probably know someone who’s given us a call before, your family, or a neighbour who has given you a carpet cleaning review . A cleaner and healthier home for more than 30 years. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry is also the largest carpet cleaning company in Auckland. See our carpet cleaning special deals . Call 0 800 783-266 or email. Blog →