Pre-Purchase Home Meth And Moisture Testing Before making a significant investment, such as buying a home, it should undergo testing for common issues, including a home moisture test and a meth test. Leaky homes and meth contamination are among the most prevalent concerns. Conducting pre-purchase home testing service provides peace of mind and ensures that your decision is well-informed. A home moisture test and a meth test are critical in this process. This meth and moisture testing service is led by Graeme Stephens, an IICRC Certified Master Restoration Technician since 2001, and owner of Auckland Steam ’n’ Dry. With over 36 years of experience in moisture detection and meth cleanup, Graeme and his team ensure accurate meth testing reports and reliable results across Auckland. Indeed, we have been conducting meth and moisture testing services for over 30 years in Auckland. We also offer mattress cleaning and dust mite control services across West Auckland, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and the Hibiscus Coast. Talk to the experts now, call 0800 783-266 or email us today. Moisture Test Humid weather exacerbates moisture problems that are often a concern in crawl spaces and basements. Moisture from the groundwork can generate condensation on walls and other surfaces, creating a damp basement smell. In turn, this will probably turn into mould and mildew issues. To avoid these problems, get a home moisture test. Indeed, it is essential to ensure no moisture is left behind. Moisture testing is necessary because it identifies areas where moisture intrusion occurs at potentially early stages. If moisture reoccurs, it can lead to various problems that may cause structural damage. Repairs can be costly, and the issue can also affect your health. Since the signs and symptoms are not always visible, most homeowners remain unaware of moisture intrusion until it becomes a serious problem—often only discovering it through a home moisture test report. Steam ‘n’ Dry Pre-purchase Home Moisture Testing Auckland Service uses advanced moisture detection equipment, including various testing meters and probes designed to accurately identify hidden moisture in walls, floors, and ceilings. Our moisture probes quickly measure surface and subsurface moisture content, helping detect water sources, affected areas, and relative humidity levels in the air. With precise results and reliable diagnostics, home moisture testing truly makes good sense. Buying a Home Is a Major Investment — Do It Right to Avoid Costly Mistakes. Most home buyers typically focus on checking primary elements such as the roof’s condition (looking for rust, broken tiles, and patching), plumbing, taps, showers, and the status of drainage systems. They also inspect electrical wiring, the condition of piles (underfloor supports), insulation in ceilings, walls, fences, and signs of house movements like cracked window sills and doors. However, what often gets overlooked is the critical aspect of ‘Moisture.’ Neglecting this can lead to costly and unhealthy mistakes. It’s highly advisable to include a home moisture test service in your inspection process as soon as possible. Pre-Purchase Home Moisture Testing with Probe and Meter Equipment A home moisture test is $129 + GST per average house. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry home tests will provide you with survey results of the home moisture testing and remedy options—an extra $50 for written report certificates. Call us at 09 3767007 or email us . Meth Testing Buying a meth-contaminated home can be a serious mistake—get it tested before purchasing a property to protect your health and peace of mind. Meth is a highly addictive drug growing in popularity in Auckland. Perhaps, you could buy a Meth house or a Meth lab. Even smoking meth leaves behind a stew of chemicals. And that saturates walls, ceilings, floors, and carpets with meth and mercury, lead, iodine, lithium, and poisonous solvents. Indeed, exposure to even small amounts of these poisons can damage humans’ nervous systems, as well, the liver and blood production. Including small children who suffer the most. Exposure can trigger congenital disabilities and, therefore, developmental problems in babies in the womb. Meth is relatively inexpensive and easy to produce in residential meth labs and is a severe problem in Auckland. For assistance, don’t hesitate to contact us for an accurate meth test report. Steam ’n’ Dry Pre-Purchase Home Testing Uses Law Enforcement–Approved Meth Equipment Cost: Meth P testing is $179 + GST per average house. Auckland Steam ’n’ Dry Pre-Purchase Home Testing Service provides results within 20 minutes, along with recommendations for cleaning and decontamination if needed. (If the test results are positive, additional options and costs will apply.) A written report certificate is available for an extra $50. Finally, a combination of Meth and Home Moisture Testing Special of $320 + GST. Go for a reliable home moisture and meth testing service now. Note: Prices Above May Vary Updated Last: 13 October 2025. By Graeme Stephens (IICRC Master Technician) ← Meth Testing Tile & Grout Cleaning Tips →