How To Choose The Best Carpet Cleaner In Auckland This guide, authored by an expert, offers invaluable insights to assist you in making a well-informed choice for your upcoming carpet cleaning needs in West Auckland, North Shore, East Auckland, and South Auckland. Hiring a good carpet cleaning service provider goes beyond opening the phone book or conducting a random internet search. A good and professional carpet cleaner is essential. Carpets are one of the home’s best assets, so everyone needs to make sure that they hire an experienced professional who will do the job right. Check out our Google, Facebook, No Cowboys and Online Customer Carpet Cleaning Service Reviews. For the professionals at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services, call 0800 110 282 or email us . Carpet Cleaning Consumer Advice Learn the costly misconceptions about carpet cleaning, recommendations and questions to ask a carpet cleaner before you invite them into your premises. 1. You should wait for the excellent carpet cleaner as long as possible before cleaning your carpet. Dirt is abrasive, and it’s like sandpaper. Every time you step on your carpet, you grind dirt into its fibres. A dirty carpet will last less time than a clean one. There needs to be more than the help of an excellent tool like a vacuum. In this case, you need a dedicated team of experienced technicians. 2. Removing the dirt is the only reason to clean your carpet. Indoor Air quality experts say, “Once a carpet looks dirty, it’s filthy, and a filthy carpet can be a serious health risk, especially since New Zealanders spend 90% of their time indoors”. If you have allergies, asthma, or other breathing problems, one primary source could be the pollen and dust mites on your carpet. To achieve 100% cleanliness, you should eliminate bacteria, chemicals, and tobacco tar residue. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services uses portable steam cleaning equipment and state-of-the-art, superior truck-mounted machines, which use 84°C hot steam to kill and remove 99% of dirt, viruses, allergens, bacteria, dust mites and stains. 3. One method to clean a carpet with a good carpet cleaner is as good as another. You can choose from two primary methods of carpet cleaning machines: Dry chem cleaning or hot water extraction. First, I’ll explain the dry chem carpet’s cleaning. Many people believe that dry cleaning carpets is like dry cleaning your clothing. However, it is not valid. All carpet cleaners use water in one way or another. Therefore, it is also not true. 4. Here is the Method of Dry Chem Carpet Cleaning. When the dry chem method is applied to the carpet, the carpet cleaner uses a machine similar to a floor polisher spinning a large cotton bonnet from side to side, absorbing the dirt in the carpet. It’s like trying to rub the dirt out of carpets with a large towel. Can you imagine doing this to your hair? While this method can be helpful as an interim carpet cleaning, it can leave a chemical residue in your carpets, which is why dry chem carpet cleaning is ineffective. 5. The Second Method to Clean a Carpet is Called Hot Water Extraction. This method is often called steam cleaning. It’s not a surprise that the truck mount extraction gives a much superior carpet cleaning because it heats the water to a higher temperature and shoots less cleaning solution into the carpet at a higher pressure, which breaks up the dirt and bacteria. The machine uses higher suction to draw the ground, leaving a drier finish. Therefore, it is used for Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service and is superior to carpet cleaning today. Additionally, the World’s Largest Carpet Manufacturer, Shaw Industries , recommends hot water extraction carpet cleaning. It’s part of the rug’s extended warranty plan. DuPont 3 M International and the New Zealand Wool Board recommend this carpet cleaning method. Choose From Two Different Types of Hot Water Extraction Carpet Cleaning: 1. A portable cleaner is a smaller carpet cleaning machine, suitable for high-rise buildings or apartments, and often used by novice home carpet steam cleaners. 2. The convenience factor of using a truck mount, where only the hoses and wand go inside, significantly differs in performance. These truck-mounted machines can provide and maintain much more heat, which helps to break down soils, stains, bacteria, grease, allergens, and oils more effectively. Not only does this mean much better carpet cleaning results, but it also means using fewer chemicals during the process. The water pressure is also better, resulting in less moisture due to smaller spray jets and less time spent cleaning an area of the carpet. The consistently high PSI also ensures that any chemical re-soiling residues are removed from the carpet fibres, preventing any sticky spot soil-attracting residues from being left in the carpets after cleaning.” A good carpet cleaner can adequately clean your carpet with the right equipment. Some carpet cleaning companies may own proper equipment. However, the employees may need to learn how to use it correctly. It is essential to choose your carpet cleaner carefully. Indeed, the International Institute of Carpet Restoration and Cleaning Certification, the IICRC , is the best standard carpet cleaning service provider. A company that cleans carpets cannot buy this certification. The carpet cleaners must earn the certification through study, experience, and successful completion of formal written examinations. In effect, our Carpet Cleaners, certified by the IICRC, have earned a degree in carpet cleaning. A good carpet cleaner that offers the lowest price is the company you should hire. Here are two critical points to consider. POINT #1: The advertised carpet cleaning price may differ from your desired service. Suppose you want the carpet cleaners to remove only some of the dirt. Indeed, you can choose from hundreds of carpet cleaners that use small shampoo machines or other carpet cleaning methods. And you can hire a device to clean carpets from the grocery store and do the job yourself. Of course, cheap carpet steam cleaners don’t give magic results. POINT #2: The advertised carpet cleaning price may differ from the price you pay. Many homeowners in Auckland have learned that the low cost of carpet cleaning they saw advertised differs from the price they paid. Indeed, they are using illegal bait-and-switch tactics. Their misleading advertising cast a shadow on our entire industry that cleans carpets. Then, you’ll find professionals like me who work extra hard to earn your trust and respect. Updated Last: 20 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens . (IICRC Master Technician) ← Pest Control Stain Removal Service →