Our Mission on Killing Fleas Graeme Stephens is an IICRC Certified 2001 Master Restoration Technician with over 36 Years of experience in killing fleas. Therefore, he wrote this flea control information to help you decide on your “kill fleas” mission. For the professionals at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services, call 0800 110 282 or email us in West Auckland, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. There Are 2 Primary Flea Control Options Precautionary Flea Control There must be a preventive flea control treatment for a minor flea problem. Yet we can control fleas using a specialised spray application using a combination of natural and synthetic pyrethrin, which kills fleas. In addition, fleas can be a real problem today, especially if you own carpet and upholstery inside your home and have pets. Sometimes, you need to get a flea treatment to eradicate fleas completely. Kill Flea Cycle Elimination Guaranteed We need more than a standard control treatment if there is a problem with fleas or flea infestation. Moreover, we need to break the flea breeding cycle. The sole method to disrupt the process is to perform an effective and guaranteed combination of removing the eggs and most fleas. Furthermore, fleas die at temperatures exceeding 55°C with water steam. The most effective way is to use a powerful vacuum truck mount machine that employs over 55 °C hot steam. First, kill the fleas and remove as much as possible of the fleas’ eggs. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry utilises powerful vacuum truck mounts, heating up to 80 – 84°C. Following this, pest spray application combines natural and synthetic pyrethrins. How To Kill Home Fleas The thought of fleas makes most people’s skin crawl and itch. But a flea infestation can happen through no fault of your own. Unlike other pests, fleas do not have wings. They get around by jumping from surface to surface. Fleas are tiny. They can be invisible, especially when the larvae develop into adult fleas. Waiting until an infestation has developed can mean it’s more difficult to exterminate, as they can quickly become established. Infestations can be tricky to eradicate once they have become settled. Contact our experts if the fleas keep returning or if you want to ensure complete removal. Our ASD Certified Technicians know what to do when getting rid of fleas. Suppose they understand the habits of different flea species and can offer the most appropriate and effective solution for your flea issue. Flea Control Auckland Services Additionally, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Flea Control Service had multiple approaches – combining innovative 84 °C hot steam with a flea-targeted pest control application and spray treatments over two or three visits, depending on the severity of the infestation. Thus, we work in compliance with the Environmental Protection Agency . You may contact us in West Auckland Central City CBD, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast on 0800 110 282 Updated Last: 20 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. An IICRC Master Restoration Technician Certified. ← Online quotation booking Fire Smoke Soot Clean Restoration →