Mattress Cleaning Auckland Service Graeme Stephens writes this expert mattress cleaning, disinfecting and dust mite control information. An IICR C-certified 2001 Master Restoration Technician. With over 36 years of mattress cleaning experience, and the owner of Steam ‘n’ Dry Mattress Cleaning Auckland. Made to help readers make an informed decision for the next mattress cleaning and dust mite control in West Auckland, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Regular mattress cleaning, sanitising, and disinfecting services are vital for your family’s health. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services uses 84 °C hot steam to kill and remove asthma allergens, such as dust mites, bacteria, germs and pollens and provides a good night’s sleep, comfort, and good breathing. For the professionals at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services, call 0800 110 282 or email us . Kills Coronaviruses, Bacteria, Germs And Mould – Sanitising Disinfectant Services. The Ozone Disinfecting method is internationally researched and proven to kill 99.9% of coronaviruses, including the SARS-CoV-2 . Also, it is an EPA and FDA-approved disinfectant product. This Active Ingredient Kills SARS and other Coronaviruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and moulds. Indeed, fogging vapour and fine misting, disinfecting and cleaning carpets, upholstery, and mattresses are essential for homes. For The Best Allergen-Free Night’s Sleep, Get Professional Mattress Cleaning Service It is a fact that most mattresses contain bacteria, fungi, dust mites, and even moulds. These nasties can lead to skin allergies and respiratory illnesses such as asthma. Our sanitising and disinfecting service will ensure your mattress is properly clean, healthy and hygienic. Therefore, free of unwanted bed guests by killing and removing dust mites and asthma allergens. For over 36 years, we’ve provided Auckland with a cleaner, healthier home in West Auckland, North Shore, East, and South Auckland. Call us today for a Free Quote! Our Steam ‘n’ Dry All-In-One Mattress Cleaning, Sanitising and Disinfecting Process. Remove stains, germs, bacteria, and dust mites in one treatment. Mattress cleaning of all types and sizes. Guaranteed Allergy relief and asthma relief. See Our 5-Star Service Reviews. * Auckland Google Reviews * Yellow Pages Reviews * Facebook Reviews * South Auckland Reviews * West Auckland Reviews * Trademe Service Reviews * No Cowboys reviews * North Shore Reviews * Hibiscus Coast Reviews * Yelp Reviews It’s funny how we regularly wash our bedsheets but give little thought to the importance of mattress cleaning underneath. All kinds of things can contaminate the mattress we sleep on every night. These can include human skin. Studies have shown that a person can shed up to 500 million skin cells daily, hair, bodily fluids, food crumbs, spills, pet hair, and many more. The most effective and worry-free method to clean your mattresses is to engage the services of a professional mattress cleaner. Indeed, Steam ‘n’ Dry Mattress Cleaning Auckland Services will help. Our powerful truck-mounted steam cleaning, sanitising, and disinfecting will effectively remove all ingrained dirt, stains, harmful dust mites and asthma allergens from your mattresses. A dirty mattress can contribute to a miserable night’s sleep, asthma, allergies, dust, dust mites, and illnesses. Of course, changing and washing the bed sheets is good practice, but it is equally important to have the mattress properly spring-cleaned once every six months to remove dust mites and asthma allergens. Also, there may be better ideas than vacuuming the mattress bed with a home vacuum cleaner. Unless you have the right vacuum cleaner with the proper attachments, you could transfer allergic contaminants to your mattress instead of cleaning it. Mattress Cleaning Our company is based in Auckland, an expert Mattress Cleaning Service. We can quickly arrive at your home in North Shore, West, East, and South Auckland City. Therefore, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has superior steam-cleaning truck-mounted equipment. This will give the mattresses a good wash. Powerful vacuums and driers remove all traces of moisture and eliminate dust mite asthma allergens, so you will not be left with soggy, wet mattresses. Instead, you will be presented with beds that look clean, smell fresh, are allergen-free and safe to sleep on. Our customers have the added assurance that the cleaning, sanitising and disinfectant compounds we use on their mattresses are 100% biodegradable and non-toxic. Get a better sleep with Steam ‘n’ Dry Service experts. Generally, we offer complementary services to get your mattresses in tip-top condition, including mattress cleaning, sanitising, and disinfecting. Kill And Remove Dust Mites, Mattress Stain Removal And Mattress Protection Considering the average person spends almost a third of their life in bed. You must get the best possible rest during these precious hours. Therefore, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service is one of the few mattress cleaning, sanitising, and disinfecting service companies that understand the benefits of a professionally cleaned mattress. Our company, Steam ‘n’ Dry Mattress Cleaning Auckland Service, wants every one of our customers to be as snug as a bug in a rug. Fact: Dust mite faecal matter contains a protein at the root of allergy and asthma flare-ups. Therefore, it can also cause eczema, which usually presents dry, scaly skin in various bodily places. You can also read this article, Asthma Foundation Auckland, for reference. Additionally, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services offers commercial mattress cleaning, disinfecting, and sanitising services in hotels, motels, hostels and others. Updated Last:  20 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Hoarding Clean Up NZ Steam n Dry →