Meth Testing Auckland Service Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has provided professional Meth P house testing service for over ten years. Therefore, we use primary P testing methods—specifically, MMC Device indicative tests and analytical laboratory tests. Of course, we have experienced qualified testers, including an IICRC-certified “Master Restoration Technician” and the most qualified Meth P cleaning decontamination specialist in New Zealand. Don’t get stuck with a toxic Meth P house. However, a potential home buyer can unknowingly purchase a toxic meth house, whether it’s a former P lab or contaminated from P smoking, which is one of the worst decisions a potential home buyer can make. Thus, meth testing inspection is essential. Meth Testing Methods 1. MMC Meth Testing Devices The tester marks out an area with a 10 cm x 10 cm template and then wipes the room with a squab. Therefore, the squab will be used with a Meth Check device for P testing NZ. Each test is a lateral flow chromatography immunology that qualitatively detects the illicit P drug and associated meth contaminant residue. Generally, MMC Check for Meth tests have been susceptible to line up with NZ guidelines. Any sign of a red line in the ‘T’ area is a pass. Test Accuracy Each p-lab has an average sensitivity of <300 ng/ml buffer solution. Each test contains an internal procedural control to confirm the device is operating correctly. Yet the cost is generally lower, but the downside is that you only get negative or positive for the result of over 1 .5μg/100 cm2 under New Zealand guidelines . Methamphetamine Test Results Test    Location     Result T1      Kitchen      NEGATIVE T2      Lounge      NEGATIVE T3      Bedroom    NEGATIVE T4      Bedroom    NEGATIVE T5      Toilet          NEGATIVE T6      Bathroom  NEGATIVE 2. Analytical Laboratory Meth P Testing Wipe the area with a 10 cm x 10 cm template squab. The squab will then be sent to the laboratory for analytical testing. This testing method is more sensitive. Therefore, the results are more defined and informative as you receive the actual μg/100 cm2 level of the area tested. The cost is approximately $175 per location test. 3. Indicative Composite P Testing Either of the above P tests NZ equipment, but instead of using a 10 cm x 10 cm template, the tester wipes 8-10 10 cm x 10 cm areas throughout the home and premises. Indeed, I am considered an indicative test, costing between $129 and $290 per test. 4. Laboratory Composite Meth P House Testing Marking out areas with a 10 cm x 10 cm template, then wiping the room with a squab. The squab will then be sent to the laboratory for up to 5 analytical tests. Meth P Testings When buying a home, we should have a meth screening and a certified home inspector to look for plumbing or electrical problems, lack of insulation, foundation cracks and air conditioning concerns, and many more. Most buyers fail to inspect their future homes for methamphetamine. Indeed, Meth P contamination is a big problem throughout New Zealand. Also, some realty property managers want to ensure the sale runs smoothly. So, the buyer got a big injustice by not making the suggestion, even though they knew very well how severe the problem was in Auckland. Methamphetamine lab-contaminated houses can cause permanent severe illness, congenital disabilities, or even kill. Meth houses are toxic, yet, many buyers do not have their homes p house tested. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry methamphetamine lab testing can provide a quality, cheaper meth P test and an affordable P cleanup decontamination if contamination exists. Nowadays, Every Home Bought In Auckland Must Have Meth P House Testing Landlords might be knowingly covering up a problem or unknowingly covering it as a contaminated property. Property owners should be aware that if they are aware of a meth P lab problem, they should disclose it. Only deal with your expensive property when its tenant moves out unannounced at night. Indeed, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Methamphetamine Testing Auckland can check and clean up any meth-tested problem at a reasonable cost. People Who Should Be Concerned About Meth P Lab Testing Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry uses US military-approved forensic testing equipment from accredited laboratories to identify the presence of chemicals used in manufacturing or smoking P methamphetamine . P House Testing Cost MMC P house testing is $159 + GST per average house. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry NZ will email you a detailed meth p test report certificate. Also, we can provide independent analytical laboratory referrals. NOTE: ALL PRICES MENTIONED ABOVE MAY VARY Updated Last: 21 July 2025  By Graeme Stephens. ← Moisture Testing Service Pre-Purchase Home Meth and Moisture Testing →