P Cleaning News Good morning, and welcome to this month’s p-cleaning news. And as we receive summer and the close of 2022, we are bringing you some information from our recent remediations. As some of you may know, we have recently had three large gang-affiliated manufacturing properties. However, they have left drugs in light bulbs, pipes, and barbecue kits, painting over walls 100 times after each cook. Then we turned to have locks broken off in the mornings, and garage doors were smashed. Furthermore, the gang members are searching and even digging around these properties. In such ways, we have advised the police to watch as they catch these guys. They have also done several drive-bys of the properties and, turning up, announced to ‘talk’ with our technicians. Therefore, the NZ Police are offering us free defence courses, which may come in handy with some testers potentially being put at risk. Next, please chat when following up with these houses if you want to jump on board. High P Lab Levels P Cleaning Generally, we have recently nearly completed a dwelling of 4,200ug/100cm with only minimal porous disposal, and this is the power of our Truck Mount Extraction and Crystal Decon Clean. Office 129 2.5 0.92 Kitchen 1 83 0.05 Sink Room 29 0.05 Mezzanine 31 9.4 1.48 Ceiling Beam 4,200 15.5 1.22 Workshop Floor 48 0.30 Workshop Door 220 20 0.99 Mezzanine Wall 390 2.5 0.05 Entrance 47 10.1 0.09 Therefore, we are currently awaiting the new results from the proprietor. And with the new proposed guidelines coming into effect soon. Hence, it is also worth reminding customers that not all councils have adopted these new guidelines, including Auckland. So, many think their house is under the limits when it is still, in fact, over, which may also give you more work if the property requires current standards of cleaning. Subsequently, we thank those recommending you for doing so, and we greatly appreciate this. Thus, we always recommend the original test company sign-off test(s). Merry Christmas, and take care. Best Regards Graeme Stephens. Managing Director 12/1/2022 Happy New Year, all. I hope you had some quality time off. Meth Safety Guidelines P Cleaning News From our feedback and inquiries, Auckland appears to be the only local Council retaining the 0.5ug/100cm safety guidelines (MAF). All other regions have adopted the new P cleaning Ministry of Health recommendations. Meth Test Results Since our last email, I’m pleased to inform you that we got the p test results from the 4,200 ug/100 cm meth manufacturing lab. And I’m so happy to tell you it came back all clear. Yet this is the highest level of meth p labs that we have decontaminated. Furthermore, I have never heard of a similar meth lab level successfully decontaminated by others. As a reminder, there was only minimal porous disposal because of the power of our modified robust Truck Mount Extraction and Crystal Decon clean. Meth Stats Recently, up to 40% of houses tested positive for meth, according to the information retrieved via the National Drug Intelligence Bureau and verified. Therefore, this tells us that in regards to methamphetamine, p labs are increasing yearly. 50% are home all day 33% of residences had children living in them The public finds that 22% of meth labs Weapons and firearms are located at 23% of P labs Methamphetamine lab is also not what landlords expect, with recorded offenders 63% European. In addition, 55% are aged 31-45. Best Regards Graeme Stephens. Managing Director 2001 IICRC Certified “Master Restoration Technician.” P Cleaning News Auckland – Steam ‘n’ Dry Meth Cleaners 18/3/2022 New Landlord Liability Meth Legislation Please see the following links for upcoming laws and policies for property managers and homeowners. https://www.tenancy.govt.nz/starting-a-tenancy/renting-affected-properties/renting-a-property-affected-by-methamphetamine-p/ For the meth p cleaning experts, call 0800 783-266 or email Auckland Steam n Dry . More p lab manufacturing clusters properties throughout Central Auckland, West Auckland, Helensville, Hamilton, and Northland. As a reminder, we also offer meth testing services for $139 + GST between tenancies for landlords’ peace of mind. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any further queries or want to ask about our meth P clean and the meth p testing process. NOTE: Prices Mentioned Above May Vary Graeme Stephens. Managing Director 2001 IICRC Certified “Master Restoration Technician.” P Cleaning News – Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Meth Cleaners Tel: 09 376 7007 Cell: 021 285 5454 Updated Last: 21 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Fire Smoke Soot Clean Restoration Dehumidifier Rental Hire →