Mould Removal Auckland Service Any home or business can quickly become mould-infested by introducing a water source, such as a roof or plumbing leak. It can spread throughout the property without mould removal in as little as 48-72 hours, producing allergens and irritants that cause other health effects. Steam ‘n’ Dry Mould Removal Auckland Service specialists will walk you through the process with proper training, equipment, and expertise to handle the situation and restore a healthy indoor environment. In 2004, the Housing Health and Safety Rating System (HHSRS) classed Moulds as a risk to health, the same category as Asbestos. You may have tried to kill and remove the moulds by using bleaches, etc., only to find that it does not eliminate the fungus. Specifically, the problem has worsened for a long time and keeps returning after you have wasted money on redecoration costs. Therefore, with over 36 years of mould removal, structural drying, indoor air quality and water damage restoration experience,  Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry understands the nature of mould growth and building construction. Mould Removal Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service is a highly reliable choice for numerous property managers and estate agents, boasting years of expertise in mould removal and decontamination services. From the initial consultation to work completion, your health is at the forefront of everything by Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service. If mould removal efforts are inadequate, regrowth may occur, leading to future problems, as mould is often a symptom of an underlying issue. Get specialists’ advice on controlling fungi or black mould growth due to the health and hazardous nature of black mould and damp issues. Also, recommend appropriate hygiene and safety practices. Indeed, mould decontamination should be done while wearing personal protection and respiratory apparatus. Mould Danger and Remediation Mould spores are a standard part of household and workplace dust. However, when mouldy spores are in higher quantities, they can be a severe health hazard, causing allergic reactions and respiratory problems. Mould allergies have always been a severe problem for many people. Prolonged exposure, e.g., in a daily workplace and home environment, can be harmful, even carcinogenic. Health problems associated with high airborne black mould spores include allergic reactions, asthma attacks, sore, itchy eyes, nose and throat, infections and sinus problems. Some mould spores may grow on living tissue when inhaled, attaching to cells along the breathing tract, causing further problems in those with weak immune systems. A serious health threat from black mould exposure for humans is a fungal infection. People exposed to high levels of mould contamination, such as black mould or people with exposure, may become infected. Sinuses and digestive tract infections are common; lung and skin infections are also possible. Steam ‘n’ Dry Mould Removal Auckland Cleanup Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry utilises the most significant commercial truck mount cleaning units in New Zealand. We have provided quality mould cleaning services since 1987. We serve home and work clients with high standards and attention to Auckland regulations. We serve East, West, North Shore, and South Auckland City. Thus, we are often called Auckland’s cleaning and restoration experts. We provide expert odour removal, structural building drying and meth decontamination service with a guarantee. Mould Removal Professional Auckland Services We also offer professional services, including Couch Cleaning, Stain Removal, Mattress Cleaning, Carpet Repairs, Flooded Carpet Drying, Pet Odour Removal, Rug Cleaning, Dust Mite and Flea Control, Carpet Cleaning, Bed Bug Control, and Auto Upholstery Cleaning. Call Steam ‘n’ Dry Mould Removal Auckland Services on 0800 783-266 or email us. COVID-19 Coronavirus Disinfectant Cleaning And Mould Removal Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our disinfectants sanitise all home surfaces, such as hard surfaces, carpet, upholstery, furniture, kitchen, and bathrooms. We use a sterilisation treatment to eliminate mouldy bacteria, germs, pathogens, and coronaviruses, including SARS. COVID-19 Precautions, Quarantine and Isolation Rooms, Homes, and Offices. Of course, our carpet cleaners and disinfectant cleanup team use suitable PPE, including P95 respirator masks and gloves. Please ask the office or carpet cleaner if our disinfectant cleaner is not wearing a COVID-19 protective mask or gloves. We have internationally researched and proven to kill 99.9% of coronaviruses, including the SARS Ozone Disinfecting Method . If you have been out of New Zealand in the past three weeks, please advise our staff to take added precautions with Auckland disinfectant cleaners. Black Mould Germicide Growth One of the main dangers to the health of a property and its inhabitants is mould growth. A past flood in a home or workplace property grants black mould ideal conditions to thrive within the building’s structure. The health risks are exposure, species, and airborne spores’ density over time. Many properties have some form of mould, often hidden behind surface finishes and voids. Steam ‘n’ Dry Mould Removal and Disinfection Auckland Service can assist with mould remediation, moisture testing and drying. In some cases, before work can begin, a survey of the affected site must be carried out to determine the level of the infestation. Mould contamination is classed and rated according to the size of the affected area: Levels 1 – Mould contamination area under 1 square meter 2 – Contamination in a total surface area of 1 and 10 sqm 3 – Mould contamination with a surface area higher than 10 square meters 4 – Contamination within an HVAC system Above all, only remediation operations above Level 2 require a qualified, experienced mould removal specialist. Mould growth can quickly get out of control in any home or work building. A Level 2 contamination can rapidly turn into a Level 3. Indeed, Steam ‘n’ Dry Mould Removal Auckland Service can respond to mould elimination, decontamination and remediation within 24 hours. Yet, with 36 years of experience dealing with toxic and black mould removal damage. Undoubtedly, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry experts are the mould removal and disinfectant cleaning specialists you should contact. Updated Last: 21 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Dehumidifier Rental Hire Odour Control Service →