Book in at Murrays Bay , North Shore Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: north-shore@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 489 7784 Murrays Bay, North Shore Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Murrays Bay Manager – Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make an Instant online booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaning In Murrays Bay, North Shore, Auckland Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, Murrays Bay Carpet Cleanings in North Shore has been providing services since 1987. It’s important to remember that your carpets constitute a significant investment in your home. Taking proper care of your carpet is crucial to ensure its longevity and protect its quality. Therefore, implementing simple maintenance practices such as regular vacuuming and cleaning is an excellent way to preserve its good condition. Contact us today for excellent Murrays Bay Carpet Cleaning services crafted to meet the needs of your residential or commercial property. Hence, we work and follow the B0271-national standards of healthcare cleanliness-2021 . In addition, we offer flood repairs, stain removal, carpet repairs, sanitisation, pest control, upholstery, rug and carpet cleaning services. Thus, manufacturers highly endorse North Shore Auckland carpet cleaning as the best and most trusted professional carpet cleaning service. Indeed, our products have gained widespread recognition for being safe for people, pets, and children and for preserving the integrity of carpet materials. Additionally, they are environmentally friendly, adhere to the highest standards and quality, and undergo regular user-friendliness and environmental impact assessments. Furthermore, Murrays Bay Carpet Cleanings in North Shore Auckland is devoted to offering our customers the utmost value, excellence and affordable carpet cleaning service across West Auckland, Central City CBD, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Thus, feel free to contact us at 09 489 7784. Last Updated: 08 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Us in Milford, North Shore Auckland Contact Takapuna, North Shore Auckland →