Book In at Albany, Carpet Cleaning North Shore Contact Us NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . General Enquiries: Email: north-shore@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone: 09 489 7784 Location: Albany, North Shore Mailling Address: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Management Contacts: Accounts Manager Name: Mary Stephens Email: mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager Name: Rose Stephens Email: rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone: 021 271 5454 Director Name: Graeme Stephens Email: graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Albany Carpet Cleaners North Shore, Auckland Since before, our first-class equipment has been safe and eco-friendly, following the Environmental Protection Agency Standards , with an affordable price list, special discounts, and even emergency services! Thus, we also provide services in both commercial and residential areas. Our Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners in Albany North Shore Auckland have been delivering quality services since 1987. Subsequently, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services is a company that specialises in cleaning carpets. Indeed, the company has extensive experience with all carpet types and textures and only uses the best quality materials and the most advanced methods. Thus, contact Steam ‘n’ Dry carpet cleaning service to know how often you should clean your carpet, and you can obtain the solutions to all your queries. And have your carpets cleaned by Steam ‘n’ Dry Auckland – and the results will speak for themselves. Therefore, Albany carpet cleaners are well-trained and qualified professional cleaners. In addition, with over three decades, our company has become one of the leaders in carpet installation, stain removal, flood restoration, pest control, carpet repair, and upholstery cleaning. We serve throughout West Auckland , Central City CBD, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Thus, for Albany professional carpet cleaners, call 09 489 7784 Last Updated: 09 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Carpet Cleaning in Auckland Contact Us in Birkdale, North Shore Auckland →