Book In North Harbour , North Shore, Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: north-shore@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 489 7784 North Harbour, North Shore Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: North Harbour Manager – Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make An Instant Online Booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaner In North Harbour, North Shore Auckland Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning North Shore Services agrees that the best-recommended cleaning solution is hot steam cleaning. Our 84°C hot steam carpet cleaning extracts and kills 99.9% of carpet germs, viruses and dust mites. Thus, hot water under very high temperatures and pressure is sprayed deep inside the carpet, reaching the base of carpet fibres. Of course, ASD is a certified IICRC carpet cleaning technician in North Harbour, North Shore, Auckland. Therefore, Auckland  Steam ‘n’ Dry Services also offers flood repairs, stain removal, sanitisation, mattress cleaning and upholstery cleaning. Is your carpet aging quickly? It probably results from the poor cleaning you carry out on your own. Indeed, working with a professional carpet cleaning company will help extend your carpet’s lifespan if you don’t know. Thus, Phone Now on 09 489 7784. Therefore, our North Harbour Carpet Cleaner can assist, as we employ the best technicians known for their honesty and reliability. Almost every prominent carpet manufacturer recommends Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning North Shore Services. Carpet cleaning teams arrive equipped and fully trained with over 36 years of experience since 1987. Also, we restore and renew your carpets, couches, armchairs, dining chairs and rugs to ensure healthy living for families and a clean look for your house. At the same time, we can provide the most value and quality to our customers. Such as the following: Stains, flood repairs, and couch cleaning services in North Harbour, North Shore 09 489 7784 Updated Last: 21 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Us in Greenhithe, North Shore Auckland Contact Us in Milford, North Shore Auckland →