Book In At Birkdale, North Shore Auckland Contact Us NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . General Enquiries: Email: north-shore@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone: 09 489 7784 Location: Albany, North Shore Mailling Address: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Management Contacts: Accounts Manager Name: Mary Stephens Email: mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager Name: Rose Stephens Email: rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone: 021 271 5454 Director Name: Graeme Stephens Email: graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Carpet Cleaning in Birkdale, North Shore, Auckland Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry is a professional carpet cleaning service in Birkdale, North Shore, Auckland. Occasionally, accidents happen that result in spoiled carpets. Many people attempt to remove various stains, hoping to handle the situation, but unfortunately, they often damage the carpets. However, they must understand that different factors contribute to each colour, requiring a specific deep cleaning solution. Individuals should consider engaging professional carpet cleaning services every time. Therefore, when you need carpet cleaning in Birkdale, North Shore, Auckland and are searching for such services, we are here to assist you. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaners is the team to trust when cleaning carpets or upholstery. Indeed, we strive to deliver quality services. Furthermore, we offer commercial and residential cleaning services that fit your schedule and lifestyle. In particular, Steam ‘n’ Dry carpet cleaning does almost everything – from stain removal to carpet deodorising and is extensively qualified and never compromises quality. Our work ethic and experience put us well ahead of the competition. Mainly, your requirements are our priority. Therefore, we understand the challenging times we all live in, so we offer a reliable, safe and flexible service at an affordable price. The solution to your carpet needs is Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services, based in Birkdale North, Shore, Auckland. That caters for stains, flood repairs, carpet drying and upholstery cleaning. Thus, phone us now at 09 489 7784. Updated Last: 09 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Contact Us Albany, North Shore Contact Us in Birkenhead, North Shore Auckland →