Odour Elimination Auckland Graeme Stephens provides this odour control remedial information—an IICRC Certified 2001 Master Restoration Technician. So, you decide on your fire and smoke cleanup needs. Call Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry on 0800 783-266 or email for odour removal and cleanup. Although odours may not pose direct health risks, they can be highly disruptive, affecting both the comfort of the environment and people’s peace of mind. To address this, we use advanced odour control and removal methods, including high-quality ozone generators and UV fogging systems. They are proven to kill 99.9% of coronaviruses , including the SARS-CoV-2, using the Ozone Disinfecting method that is FDA and EPA-approved disinfectant products . Ozone Sanitising Disinfectant Services Our Active Ingredient Kills SARS and other Coronaviruses, smelly odour at the source, bacteria, germs, dust mites and moulds. Sanitisation Services in Auckland include fogging vapour and fine misting spray sanitising and disinfecting carpets, upholstery, mattresses, whole homes and commercial disinfecting services. The Nose Knows Odours The human nose has evolved sensitivities to different smells over a long time. Therefore, the nose has a very high sensitivity toward decomposing organic materials. Urine, pet odour , rotting food and mould emit sulphur. Consequently, it is not surprising that the human nose can detect levels of odours. On the other hand, the nose is less sensitive to compounds that are not emitted naturally. Therefore, smells like fire smoke and pet urine odours are tricky to treat. Using superior ozone generators and UV fogging systems is needed, and the neutralising method must be adequate. Furthermore, the issue is more complicated when the odour is present in a large area because the odour control levels are affected by external conditions. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry uses the most significant commercial ozone generator odour removal in New Zealand. We have provided quality odour control services since 1987. Also, we serve both home and work clients with the same high standards and attention to Auckland regulations. We serve East, West, North Shore, and South Auckland City. Indeed, we are often referred to as the cleaning and smelly odour restoration experts in Auckland, using superior ozone generators and UV fogging systems. We also provide expert structural building drying and meth decontamination with a guarantee. Odour Control Removal Methods Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry developed solutions for smoke and pet odour problems. Based on the case of the customers, we select and design the most efficient solution for odour control. Each method comprises either one ozone stage or a multi-stage system. An overview of pet urine and smoke odour removal is a complete solution. In certain situations, a thorough cleaning may require source removal, especially in extreme cases such as underlay removal for pet urine odours. Commercial Ozone Generator Odour Control Units In many cases, a single-stage ozone solution already reduces odour emissions—a large Commercial Ozone Generator Units curve in the figure above. Since ozone is a powerful oxidation agent, it quickly reacts with the odour control molecules. These small molecules are oxidised, leading to carbon dioxide and water. Therefore, they are entirely odourless and harmless compounds. This oxidation is valid for odorous smells from organic material, such as VOCs and sulphur. Ozone also helps kill mould contamination. These radicals are more reactive than ozone, killing the smoke and removing pet urine odour more efficiently. Free radicals in the reaction result in a chain reaction system. So, one single treatment can oxidise a high number of fragrances. Therefore, it’s best to use superior ozone generators and UV fogging systems. However, with both ozone and UV fogging technologies, we can achieve the same level of odour-neutralising reactivity at room temperature, which helps to reduce the costs of odour control treatment. Complete Odour Neutralise Solution We highly recommend our comprehensive solution, incorporating the ozone generator units and UV light treatment for optimal results in eliminating a wide range of odours, including pet urine and smoke. This integrated approach harnesses the advantages of the previous methods and enhances the odour-removal process by leveraging the power of ozone. The filtration system ensures maximum effectiveness in targeting and eliminating odours at their source. The addition of the ozone stage in the process has twin impacts, using superior ozone generators and UV fogging systems. For help, contact Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry on 0800 783-266 , or email us. Updated Last:  21 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Mould Removal Services Biohazard Cleanup →