Pest Control Maintenance Pest Control Maintenance Ensure your customers’ and staff’s health and safety by addressing potential health risks posed by pests within your premises. Experience peace of mind for yourself, your clients, your staff, and your family with a secured certificate from Steam ‘n’ Dry Service’s expert preventive pest control maintenance program. Kickstart the process with a site visit, where our team will gladly assess your specific needs and provide a tailored pest control solution. We extend our services to West Auckland, North Shore, East Auckland, and South Auckland, offering comprehensive pest control solutions for a pest-free environment. Furthermore, our commercial pest maintenance programs provide monthly and quarterly services with completion certificates. Therefore, our general pest control program covers ants, bees, bed bugs, cockroaches, fleas , flies, mites, rodents, spiders, and wasps. Of course, we have certified handlers and pest controllers at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Pest Control  Services. In addition, we follow the New Zealand Certificate in Pest Operations (Level 3) and the Pest Industry Licensing and Registration . After the initial inspection, we will provide pest control service recommendations in West Auckland, North Shore, and East & South Auckland, treating your premises regularly. Why Use Our Services? Easy payment options. We are available to work around you. Modern equipment. Ensures that our clients get the best pest control service. Pest Free Maintenance Moreover, each season brings different pest challenges. For example, the warm spring weather attracts ants, requires flea extermination, and calls for cockroach control, among other insect-related issues.” In summer, bugs and wasps become prevalent, while the colder winter months invite rodents and spiders to seek shelter indoors. Our Pest-Free Maintenance Services are designed to eliminate pests before they infiltrate your premises. We offer pest control service plans to protect your home from infestations throughout the year. With the Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service guarantee, if you observe any pests flying or crawling between your scheduled pest control jobs, we will promptly return to address the issue at no extra cost. Pest Control Guarantee You are assured of a pest control service guarantee if you maintain a Pest-Free Maintenance Program. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service guarantees to mitigate your pest problem. Other conditions may apply. Call the Steam ‘n’ Dry Pest Control office for more details. Commercial service warranties vary. For details, don’t hesitate to contact the office for our business services and warranty periods. Talk to the experts and have a guaranteed commercial pest control maintenance program. Please call 0800 783-266 or send us an email . Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Pest Control Service owner Graeme Stephens is a licensed handler, pest control applicator, and IICRC 2001 Master Restoration Technician. Updated Last: 22 July 2025. By Graeme Stephens. ← Carpet Water Stain Removal Service Carpet Cleaning North Shore →