Pest Control Auckland Services Since 1987, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Pest Control Service has provided expert services with over three decades of experience. Indeed, our Steam ‘n’ Dry Pest Control South Auckland Services is committed to providing practical, valuable advice and solutions, especially for a capable pest control program . Of course, we are using our internal expertise, innovative treatments, and legislative knowledge. Also, we help businesses stay compliant and pest-free. We protect homes and families from pest-borne diseases. Thanks to a local team of experts and professionals. Therefore, we take a proactive approach to identify risks and offer the most effective pest solutions service in West Auckland, North Shore, Eastern Bays, Hibiscus Coast and South Auckland. Contact us at 0800 199 399 . Best Pest Control Auckland Service Reviews: Google Reviews Pest Control South Auckland Facebook Flea Control Auckland Reviews Google Map Reviews Pest Control Auckland Facebook Reviews Pest Control Auckland Google Reviews Fly Control Auckland Google Insect Control West Auckland Reviews Steam n Dry Pest Control Auckland Services Flea Control We can provide the best flea treatment in Auckland. First, Steam ‘n’ Dry Pest Control South Auckland Services c lean with a powerful truck mount Steam before the flea control treatment begins. Then our Steam is 84 °C , so hot enough to kill and remove the flea and its eggs. Lastly, we use both natural and synthetic sprays. Wasp Rid Indeed, our team has an effective treatment for wasp control and hive removal service that is safe and cost-effective. Cockroach Control Furthermore, we use an effective combination of both cockroach control bait and natural or synthetic pest control spray methods. Even so, that’s the best thing to stop the cockroach cycle. Indeed, a maintenance program may be desirable for infestations such as commercial food premises. As a result, it effectively breaks the cockroach cycle with a Guarantee. Fly Control We use natural and synthetic fly control spray applications to repel and kill flies effectively – guaranteed options. Ant Control We use ant bait and ant control spray methods to control the ant problem effectively. Pest Treatment Dust Mite Pest Treatment Moreover, we can provide dust mite control service in Auckland using our eco-friendly methods. Therefore, our steam treatment is hot enough to kill and remove dust mites. Thus, we begin by eliminating the dust mite eggs before performing the treatment service to eliminate dust mites. Scabies Pests Treatment No doubt, Steam ‘n’ Dry Pest Control Service steam is hot enough to kill and remove scabies and their eggs. Scabies pest treatment involves a comprehensive approach to eradicate scabies mites from the affected individual and their environment. Carpet Beetle Control Generally, we can provide Auckland’s best carpet beetle treatment with our powerful truck mount steam cleaning. Undoubtedly, Steam ‘n’ Dry Pest Control South Auckland Services uses a steam that is 84°C, hot enough to remove carpet beetles. First, our team will remove the carpet beetle eggs before using the specialised insect control to eliminate the carpet beetle effectively. Auckland Steam n Dry offers a three-month guarantee for most of our services. Back to Top Pest Control Subsequently, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Pest Control Services is a professional company. And the type of clients that we serve is both commercial and residential. We provide services in West Auckland, North Shore, and South Auckland. However, commercial and residential pest control maintenance programs are essential for the health and safety of customers and staff. Firstly, insect control helps ensure the insects don’t reinfect again later. Of course, we can provide a certificate for commercial applications that follow the Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection. Back to Top Insect Control Promise We promise to provide our valued customers with the best quality and safe Pest Control Service at the most affordable price in Auckland. We pledge to perform your contracted service professionally, efficiently, and courteously. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service Technicians will only use tested and proven safe and effective products. When you engage Pest Control Services, we pledge to respect the sanctity of your home, office, institution, or commercial facility. We promise that every pest control service we perform will meet and exceed your expectations. Back to Top 9 Reasons You Should Choose Auckland Steam n Dry Pest Control Service. Steam ‘n’ Dry Pest Control Service Company has more experience servicing Auckland since 1987. We have used superior truck-mount steam cleaning units, hot enough to kill pests. We know more about pests and insects because our technicians are pest control experts. Our on-site inspections are thorough and complete both for home and business. Technicians are professional and courteous. We explain the pest problem extensively in clear, easy-to-understand language. Such as what steps can the customer take to prevent insect re-infestation? At Steam ‘n’ Dry Pest Control Service, we quickly respond to calls for assistance and achieve dramatic results. Our prices are competitively reasonable throughout Auckland. Our Professional Pest Control Staff is trained in the most up-to-date Integrated Insect Management Methods. Flea Control: Hot Steam and Treatments Although our pets are part of our homes, fleas are not welcome. This is why flea control is essential—no one wants to get bitten by fleas or see them crawling around, especially in carpeted areas. Without proper maintenance, these areas can quickly become breeding grounds, making flea infestations harder to manage. In addition, the best and easiest way to get rid of fleas in the house would be immediate Hot Steam and Treatments. Make sure to entrust these services to those experts in the flea control industry for quite some time. Flea Control Methods Stopping flea infestation is always challenging, especially during their breeding cycle. And if it’s your first time having a pet in the house, it would be best to follow these methods for flea control: 1. Regular Vacuum. Vacuuming regularly gets rid of the fleas in their egg stage. Make sure to clean through the cracks. It would be best to seal these openings permanently. 2. Clean Floor Covers. Floor covers are an excellent breeding area for these fleas. Ensure these floor coverings, especially in infested areas, are washed at least once or twice weekly. 3. Regular Pet Grooming. This doesn’t mean you must take your pet to a professional groomer. That would be expensive. Bathing your pets frequently is enough, every 24 hours; using flea combs on them would greatly help. Flea combs can pick off fleas. These fleas must be dumped in soap water immediately so they don’t get a chance to reproduce. 4. Hot Steam Cleaning. To get rid of fleas around the house, especially in carpeted areas, 84 ° C hot steam cleaning is strongly recommended. With the said type of cleaning, both adult and larval fleas and even their eggs are killed. The use of proper machines 5. Treatment. Chemical treatments such as microencapsulated pyrethrins are an effective way to end flea infestations inside the house. A growth regulator needs to be used alongside it to break the cycle completely. However, safety precautions must be considered, especially when kids are inside the house. Flea Infestation Indeed, flea infestation is a serious matter. Because they bug your pets so much as seeing them scratch all day, apart from that, these fleas may get you and your kids bitten. And we can’t be too complacent. Professional flea control service is still highly recommended, especially when steps 1 to 3 are not followed. Find a team to entrust such a delicate process. Using chemical treatments would be best if administered by flea control experts throughout Auckland. On the other hand, we have the FDA and EPA Approved Disinfectant Sanitising Products – This active ingredient kills viruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, pathogens, moulds and most types of Auckland pests. Therefore, our service includes fogging vapour, fine misting spray, sanitised disinfecting, carpet, upholstery, and mattress cleaning services in residential and commercial properties. Back to Top Auckland Area Phone Numbers Auckland City 09 3767007 Auckland Central: 129 Howe St, Freemans Bay, Auckland City CBD 1011 North Shore Auckland 09 489 7784 North Shore: Old Lake Rd, Narrow Neck, North Shore Auckland 0627 South Auckland 09 262 0720 South Manukau City Auckland: Redoubt Rd, Goodwood Heights, South Auckland 2016 West Auckland 09 837 4545 Waitakere Auckland: Triangle Rd, Massey, West Auckland 0610 East Auckland 09 520 0062 Eastern Bays Auckland: 162 Pakuranga Rd, Pakuranga, East Auckland 2010 Hibiscus Coast 09 426 5008 Hib Coast Auckland: Riverside Road, Orewa, Hibiscus Coast, Auckland 0931 Headquarters : 0800, 199 399 Pest Control. 12 Culperry Road, Auckland Updated Last: 22 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Carpet Repairs How to Choose a Good Carpet Cleaner →