Pet Urine And Odour Removal In Auckland Since 1987, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has perfected methods, equipment, and products for pet odour removal. Graeme Stephens, an IICRC Certified 2001 Master Restoration Technician, provides expert information on pet stains, odour elimination, and cleaning. With over 36 years of experience as the owner of Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, he can assist you in making informed decisions about your next carpet cleaning and odour control needs. For the professionals at Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services, call 0800 110 282 or email us . Pet Urine Odour Removal For Home Services Stains, spots, and odour issues are probably typical for you if you have a pet, as they can make your upholstered furniture, carpet, underlay, and sub-flooring smelly. Getting rid of pet stains and odours is easier if you hire a professional service. Indeed, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning’s comprehensive service can help you. Our service has offered specialised pet urine and odour removal for over three decades, specifically in South Auckland, North Shore, East, West Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. We Can Help You Eliminate Pet Odours Furthermore, there is nothing worse than a pet’s odour in the home. Pet odour requires more than simply carpet cleaning and treating the area to deodorise. Therefore, our professional knows how to get the urine smell out of carpets. When your pet accidentally pees on your carpet, it penetrates the ﬁbres. It contaminates the back of the carpet, underlay and the subfloor material below the underlay pad. All 3 – 4 layers need to have the odour removed and neutralised. Pet Stain and Odour Removal Auckland Service Options Include: UV blacklight detection Lifting, replacing the urine-contaminated underlay and refitting Extensive truck mount upholstery and carpet cleaners to flush out urine Commercial ozone generator odour removal Apart from the Pet Stain and Odour Flush, the Odour Removal method is often the most cost-effective option for removing the contaminants from the carpet and underlay. However, this task should be done using a powerful truck-mounted vacuum machine to prevent excessive moisture. The yellow flushes out using a specialised glass top carpet claw. Once there’s no more yellow, we proceed to urine-neutralising treatment. Ventilated for at least a day or overnight, carpet drying can be left. Pet Urine Stain Odour Removal Urine can often be smelled on the floorboards and even through cement! Indeed, urine is a breeding ground for the growth of bacteria. Germs and bacteria can worsen the odour and cause permanent discolouration to your carpet fibres. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Service offers pet stain odour removal and carpet repairs to replace the underlay contamination source. Undoubtedly, we treat abused rugs and upholstery with pet stains and odours and can equally remove the blemishes and unpleasant smells from those surfaces. Voted the best carpet cleaners three years in a row! See our Reviews Below: Yellow Pages Reviews , Facebook Reviews , Auckland City Google Reviews West Auckland Google Reviews Trademe Service Reviews Yelp Reviews North Shore Google Reviews , Hibiscus Coast Google Reviews , South Auckland Google Reviews Eliminate Pet Odour Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning professional has cleaning and repair methods that remove stubborn pet odours. If you have been suffering from pet odour and have had enough, contact us today, and we will give you a free estimate! Conversely, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry offers truck-mounted hot water extraction (often called steam cleaning ) for your carpet and upholstery. Steam Cleaning is the cleaning method recommended by most carpet manufacturers . Our service also offers ‘low moisture carpet cleaning’ when steam cleaning is not ideal. It could be better. Call us at (0800) 783-266 to schedule an appointment. Other Services Therefore, Professional Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Service in South Auckland, North Shore, East-West Auckland and Hibiscus Coast has provided cleaning, restoration and sanitisation services since 1987. Our Disinfectant Products are FDA and EPA-approved – Auckland’s Active Ingredient Kills SARS & other coronaviruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and mould sanitisation services. Internationally researched scientists have proven that ozone can kill 99.9% of coronaviruses, including SARS-CoV-2, through ozone disinfection. Additionally, fogging vapour and fine misting sprays are used to sanitise and disinfect clean carpets, upholstery, mattresses, and entire homes or commercial spaces.” Updated Last: 22 July 2025 . By Graeme Stephens ← Dust Mites Control-Dust Mites NZ Bed Bug Control →