How To Prep For A Professional Carpet Cleaning Service Part of the joy when hiring professional cleaners after a prep session includes having someone else do the dirty work. However, these proactive steps can help you get the cleanest carpet possible and the biggest bang for your buck. Prep: Some of the benefits when getting your carpet cleaned include the following: Removes dirt and grit from high-traffic areas. Extends the lifespan of your carpets by getting rid of abrasive particles. Kills and eliminates germs, allergens, and viruses. Cleans stains from pets, coffee, wine, and more. Destroy and remove dust mites. Minimises moulds. Cleaned carpets look newer and more likable. A professional carpet cleaning can also help sell or rent your home to new tenants if you’re a homeowner or a landlord. Regardless of the reason for your next carpet cleaning, preparing your property for a professional carpet cleaning can help you avoid delays or getting items accidentally broken. Most importantly, you want to make it easy for your cleaning technician to make your carpets look brand-new. 7 Steps To Prep For A Professional Carpet Cleaning With the Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Service, there are only a few things to do in your carpet cleaning prep: 1. Move any high-value or breakable items from the area to minimise the chance of an accident. Valuables heirlooms, a collection of incredibly wobbly lamps, or anything unusual or breakable on display can accidentally knock over during carpet cleaning. Prep, don’t take the chance. Relocate delicate items. 2. Tell us where you want to focus. Although our cleaner will do a full inspection before beginning the cleaning process, you may also want to note any stains or areas you’re particularly concerned about. Be sure to tell the cleaner about them during the inspection. Moreover, while we are eager to complete a thorough and quality cleaning across the house, please tell us where you have concerns. 3. Tidy the floor to prep for a professional carpet cleaning. If you have children, your floors might be covered with small or big toys, books, craft projects, and more. Take everything off the carpet so that a Lego doesn’t inadvertently get sucked away by the powerful suction of professional carpet cleaning equipment. Most importantly, this step ensures that nobody can damage your precious valuables. 4. Secure Pets (This is a big one) While our technicians are pet-friendly, we kindly request that you keep your dog or cat away from the carpeted areas during the cleaning and drying. As much as we adore children, dogs, and cats, maintaining our concentration on the job during cleaning is essential. This precaution also helps prevent accidental incidents, such as your pet getting out while we’re loading and unloading cleaning equipment on your property. 5. Dry Vacuum, if needed. Removing as much debris and dirt from the carpet fibres before cleaning helps ensure that your carpet cleaner can focus on the deeply embedded soil. Vacuuming high-traffic areas before your carpet cleaners arrive helps them get to business. Eliminating dry dirt and debris from the carpet lets the cleaner focus on the ground in your carpet fibres. It is essential if you have furry friends. We offer a powerhead dry vacuum service that helps pull the intertwined fur from within fibres. 6. Pick Up Small Items. Please pick up the small items from the floor. Removing things like dog toys, kids’ playthings, and socks will make cleaning efficient and even faster. 7. Moving Furniture. Upon request, our staff will move and clean under easily moved furniture. We will move items such as sofas, chairs, coffee tables, end tables, nightstands, and other easily moved items. Also, we ask that you remove any items from the tops of any tables you would like us to proceed with before our arrival. We do not move items such as beds, dressers, heavy desks, china cabinets, electronics, or anything easily breakable. If you want the carpet under a bed cleaned, strip all the bedding before we arrive. We will cover the mattresses and sweep them under the bed for you. Don’t hesitate to contact us; we’ll gladly advise. After the Carpet Cleaning Avoid walking on the carpet, especially with cut pile carpets, until the rug is dry. Drying can take 2 to 8 hours. It depends on how air humidity will be on any day. Providing airflow by opening windows, turning on fans, and running A/C or heat will help speed up drying. Once the cleaning and other services are complete, it is up to you to check that everything is okay and that you are satisfied with the service. Another perk of having our team of professionals clean your carpet is that you don’t have to worry about our carpet cleaning chemicals being harmful to pets or your children. We use cleaning chemicals that are environmentally friendly and harmless to humans and animals. Auckland  Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Service will consider the job finished once the client signs off. So, this is your chance to check or point out anything you have spotted. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry guarantees a quality service for work done and is fully insured. When Is It Time For Your Next Carpet Cleaning? Call a professional cleaner before they’re in a terrible state. Your carpets will stay fresher if you maintain a regular cleaning schedule. For light traffic areas, we recommend cleaning every 12 months. But for your high-traffic areas, as recommended by the world’s largest carpet manufacturers, CRI . A professional deep clean should occur every 6 to 12 months to help remove germs, dirt, and grit that prematurely wear fibres out. Updated Last: 22 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Graeme Stephens Support & Problem Solving →