Would You Mind Sharing Your Good Reviews & Getting Rewarded We’re so happy you were delighted with Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service s! Indeed, we offer a thirty per cent discount coupon for any Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry service in exchange for just a few minutes of your valuable time to share a positive review. Thus, write what you were particularly impressed with. Copy and paste your thoughts onto the five sites below: Google Review: Write a Google Review for Us Here No Cowboys Review: Write a No Cowboys Review for Us Here Facebook Review: Write a Facebook Review for us Here . Google Central Review: Write a Google Central Review for Us Here Proven Expert Review: Write a Proven Expert Review for Us Here Note: “Proven expert” and “no cowboys” will email you a quick verification link. Please remember to verify. Once done, please email mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz to get your significant savings from our next service. See the list below of Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services: Share Your Good Reviews About Our Services Carpet Cleaning Get the Best Quality Carpet Cleaning Results with the Largest Superior Steam ‘n’ Dry Truck Mount Equipment and Cost-Effective Carpet Cleaners Auckland Service. Family-owned since 1987. Furthermore, our proprietary truck-mounted hot steam cleaners’ powerful equipment gives you a 7x better deep-down carpet cleaning result. Furniture Cleaning Our highly effective hot water extraction machines will help bring your upholstery back to its original condition. Also, we will get your couch to its original and former glory state by using our high-powered machines. Stain Removal Steam cleaning and stain removal treatment that is cost-effective. Yet it creates an undetectable barrier that helps keep stains like warm, soft drinks and red wine from penetrating the carpet fibre. And while no carpet is fully “stain-proof,” Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Auckland gives you a fighting chance. Rug Cleaning Whether at your location or our premises, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry offers top-notch cleaning services for delicate Persian and Oriental rugs. Our expert team specialises in stain removal and repairs, ensuring your valuable rugs receive the care they deserve. Hence, Rug Cleaning in West Auckland, Central City CBD, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast is an excellent and affordable service you can trust! Professional carpet cleaners will return your carpets to their previous glory using the most advanced cleaning methods. Carpet Repairs In addition to cleaning carpets, we are specialists who can handle all types of carpet repairs in Auckland . Of course, we can repair carpets after wear & tear damage in your home office, saving you thousands of replacement costs for your carpet. You May Share Your Good Reviews About Car Upholstery Cleaning Superior cleaning of the inside car, including car upholstery, vinyl and carpets, using our proprietary truck-mounted equipment. Mattress Cleaning See about the Asthma allergy health benefits of having your mattress professionally deep cleaned by Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry. Undoubtedly, our super-hot steam kills and removes dust mites. Share Your Good Reviews About Flood Restoration In particular, our team of flood restoration West Auckland Central City CBD, North Shore, East, South Auckland and Hibiscus Coast professionals will inspect the carpeted areas to determine how extensive the damage is. Therefore, we go beyond the flood industry standard with our training. Our specialised flood carpet drying technicians have handled water damage restoration since 1987. Bed Bug Control Super hot steam kills and removes bed bugs, and a practical bed bug control application can treat any remaining bed bugs and break the bed bug cycle. Flea Control When the problem gets out of hand, it can mean you need reliable flea control treatments to get rid of these pesky creatures. At this time, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry’s excellent flea control comes into the picture. Indeed, our effective combo of hot steam kills and removes fleas, followed by effective flea control treatments to break the flea cycle. You Can Share Your Good Reviews About Our Mould Cleaning QAT treatment, big dehumidifiers, and ozone units follow hot steam extraction zone units . This solution kills mould and guarantees high-quality mould removal cleaning expertise. Odour Control When you book professional odour control solutions regularly, you’ll ensure that pet stains are lessened for good. Thus, pet stain removal involves a 3-part process, including replacing the underlay, odour killing, and neutralising. Above all, our company, Auckland Steam ‘n’Dry Carpet Cleaning Services 1987, have branches throughout Auckland, located in South Auckland, North Shore, East, West Auckland and Hibiscus Coast. Please write and leave us your review to enjoy a thirty per cent discount coupon for any of our services. We are happy to serve you! Updated Last: 23 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Support & Problem Solving Customer Rewards Program →