Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry – Manukau City, South Auckland Contact Us General Enquiries: Email Us: south-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 262 0720 Manukau City, South Auckland Contacts: Manukau City, South Auckland Manager: Maria Stephens maria@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager: Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director: Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make An Instant Online Booking- Get A Quote NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleanings in Manukau City, South Auckland Is your carpet aging quickly? It probably results from poor cleaning, based on your improper DIY methods. However, working with a professional carpet cleaning company will help extend your carpet’s lifespan if needed. Indeed, the solution is Superior carpet cleaning in Manukau City, South Auckland. Hence, extract the hot steam unit immediately, sucking out all the allergens, viruses, and dirt. Therefore, we are experts in training solutions . Generally, its extraction is about 80%, and 20% of the water remaining forms the actual drying process, which lasts approximately 1-3 hours. Therefore, remember that the terrible weather conditions and high humidity percentage might prolong the drying. In addition, Steam n Dry services include flood repairs, stain removal, sanitisation, upholstery, and carpet drying services in South Auckland. Thus, call 09 262 0720 Manukau City, South Auckland Carpet Cleaning today! More About Carpet Cleaners In Manukau Aside from that, our carpet cleaners in Manukau are extensively trained and hold certifications in the field. Hence, they are experienced professionals who have undergone thorough police and drug checks to ensure safety and peace of mind. When you choose our services, you can expect our cleaners to arrive in professional uniforms, showcasing their dedication to providing top-notch carpet cleaning services. Of course, we proudly serve customers in North Shore, South Auckland, East Auckland, and West Auckland, offering premium carpet cleaning solutions. Indeed, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning South Auckland Services is sure of the quality of our work, and that’s why we offer a guarantee – if you’re not satisfied, it’s on us! Experience the best possible carpet cleaning service in Auckland with us. Updated Last: 01 July 2025; By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Us in Greenlane, South Auckland Contact Us in Manurewa, South Auckland →