Book in Mt Wellington, South Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: south-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 262 0720 Mt Wellington, South Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Mt Wellington, South Auckland Manager – Maria Stephens maria@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make an Instant online booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaning In Mt Wellington, South Auckland Remember that feeling of fresh, clean carpet? Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services, with over 35 years in the industry,  has the expertise and experience to bring that feeling back. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning South Auckland Services utilises the hot steam extraction method, a technique the company proudly endorses for carpet cleaning in Mt Wellington, South Auckland. This method, also known as Hot Steam Cleaning, is considered the most effective for deep cleaning carpets. The steam produced during the process is actually a by-product of the boiling water used, which thoroughly cleans carpets and removes dirt and allergens. Thus, call us at 09 262 0720 , in Mt Wellington Steam Cleaners, South Auckland. Want to know the three most common causes of dirty, stained carpets? 1. Spills and Stains: Accidental spills of food, beverages, or other liquids can leave unsightly stains on carpets. Common culprits include coffee, wine, juice, pet accidents, and food stains. If not promptly and properly cleaned, these stains can become stubborn and difficult to remove. 2. Foot Traffic: High foot traffic areas, like hallways and entryways, are more prone to dirt and grime buildup on carpets. Dust, dirt, and debris from shoes get trapped in the carpet fibres over time, leading to a dull appearance. 3. Pets: Those that shed a lot or have accidents indoors can significantly contribute to carpet stains and odours. Pet hair, dander, and urine can seep into the carpet and become ingrained if not addressed promptly. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning in South Auckland Offers: Comprehensive services, including truck-mounted steam cleaning, flood repairs, stain removal, sanitisation, upholstery, and carpet cleaning. Our team of professionals are dedicated to giving stubborn stains special attention to ensure the best possible results. For clients seeking superior stain protection, we offer the option to apply Teflon, a highly effective stain protector. Teflon provides a 100% protection guarantee against potential stains for the next three years, giving you peace of mind and extending the life of your carpets. Indeed, with decades of experience, Steam ‘n’ Dry has served the South Auckland community since 1987. Our Mt. Wellington Steam Cleaners are well-equipped and skilled to tackle carpet cleaning and restoration needs. Choose Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning for exceptional service, outstanding stain protection, and a team that cares about your carpets and fabrics. Let us restore the beauty and cleanliness of your home or business, ensuring a fresh and healthy environment for you and your family or clients. Contact us today at 09 262 0720 for all your cleaning and restoration needs. Updated Last: 08 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Us in Manurewa, South Auckland Contact Onehunga, in South Auckland →