Book In Greenlane, South Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: south-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 262 0720 Greenlane, South Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Greenlane, South Auckland Manager – Maria Stephens maria@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make An Instant Online Booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaning In Greenlane, South Auckland Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning South Auckland, established in 1987, understands the challenges of DIY carpet cleaning. Besides the difficulty of moving furniture, you’ll need to vacuum, spot-treat stained areas, apply carpet treatments, and then clean all the equipment used. Is this an easy task? Definitely not. Does it take up a lot of your time? Absolutely. Plus, you’ll likely spend extra money renting or buying equipment in Greenlane, South Auckland However, if you didn’t know, working with a professional carpet cleaning company will help extend your carpet’s lifespan. Superior carpet cleaning by Greenlane Carpet Cleaner can be of help. Therefore, it is true that proper carpet cleaning is a specialised, time-consuming process, and the best way to have it done is by hiring a professional to do the cleaning. Even so, they dedicate their work, which gives them the time to concentrate on other essential things. Whether you are a regular or commercial customer looking for office cleaning, a landlord or a tenant looking for tenancy cleaning, or if you need domestic cleaning, Greenlane Carpet Cleaner in South Auckland is the best solution! Hence, we use high-quality Carpet and Rug Institute carpet maintenance and troubleshooting. Commercial Carpet Cleaning Subsequently, our extensive clientele spans various sectors, from homeowners seeking pristine living spaces to commercial establishments such as hospitals, realty companies, hotels, airports, nurseries, restaurants, pubs, and insurance providers. Additionally, we offer specialised services to rug dealerships, ensuring their valuable inventory receives the care it deserves. No matter the scale or scope of the cleaning task, you can trust us to deliver exceptional results. Thus, our services extend to flood repairs, stain removal, sanitisation, and comprehensive upholstery cleaning throughout South Auckland. Contact us at 09 262 0720 for a Greenlane Carpet Cleaner. Updated Last: 10 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Us in East Tamaki, South Auckland Carpet Cleaning Manukau, South Auckland →