Book in Otahuhu, South Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: south-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 262 0720 Otahuhu, South Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Otahuhu, South Auckland Manager – Maria Stephens maria@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make an Instant online booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaning In Otahuhu, South Auckland Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning has provided services in Otahuhu South Auckland since 1987. With over 36 years of experience serving the Otahuhu area and its surroundings, you can be confident that Steam ‘n’ Dry knows how to clean your carpet efficiently. Therefore, truck-mounted cleaning equipment is essential for effective carpet cleaning. It is important to have professional services to avoid substandard work. Incorrect procedures during carpet cleaning service can sometimes damage your carpets and rugs. Indeed, with 36 years of expertise in Hot Steam Cleaning, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services has dealt with an extensive range of carpets and rugs. This vast experience has honed our skills and understanding of various carpet types, stains, and cleaning techniques. Our professional team is well-equipped to handle any carpet cleaning challenge, ensuring exceptional results and customer satisfaction.  In addition, Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaning Services in South Auckland provides the best solution you need. Otahuhu, South Auckland Carpet Cleaning Expert People regard carpets as one of the most expensive elements within a home. Household items deserve care from expert and qualified professionals. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services in South Auckland also provides flood repairs, stain removal, upholstery cleaning and sanitisation services and has been deep cleaning and sanitising the carpets, floors, and furnishings of homes in Otahuhu for over three decades. At Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Service in Otahuhu, South Auckland, we utilise state-of-the-art truck-mounted steam cleaning machines to provide high-quality carpet cleaning services. Our friendly and fully trained technicians are well-versed in Carpet Cleaning Standards, ensuring meticulous and professional cleaning. Therefore, your home or office is your sanctuary, regardless of its size, and keeping it clean and well-maintained is essential for a healthy and inviting environment. Indeed, we are your reliable choice for Carpet Cleaning in Otahuhu, South Auckland. Call us on 09 262 0720 for professional services and experience the difference in the cleanliness of your carpets. Updated Last: 08 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Contact Onehunga, in South Auckland Contact Us Otara, South Auckland →