Book In Onehunga, South Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: south-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 262 0720 Onehunga, South Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Onehunga, South Auckland Manager – Maria Stephens maria@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make an Instant online booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaning In Onehunga, South Auckland Since 1987, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning South Auckland has provided exceptional services. After cleaning your carpets, we ensure a thorough drying process that usually takes 2 to 4 hours in Onehunga, South Auckland. Our dedicated team of professional carpet cleaners are always prepared to conduct hot steam cleaning with top-of-the-line equipment, including powerful truck-mounted machinery. Additionally, we use superior-quality drying and citrus-based cleaning products for outstanding results. Furthermore, carpet cleaning may experience prolonged drying due to high humidity in the air. Rest assured, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning South Auckland services will inspect the cleaning results diligently. Once the inspection is complete, we will provide a receipt for the carpet cleaning service. Your satisfaction is our priority, and we strive to deliver exceptional results with every cleaning job. Certainly, the condition of your carpet significantly affects your health, a fact that many homeowners often overlook. Unfortunately, this oversight can lead to severe allergies and other illnesses. Thus, carpets accumulate fine particles and even bacteria from the environment. As a result, when your kids, husband, or pets play on carpets, they become vulnerable to these harmful particles. Indeed, regular carpet cleaning and maintenance are essential to ensure a healthy and safe living environment for you and your loved ones. Thus, professional carpet cleaning removes all toxins and allergens in your carpet through effective cleaning techniques. Other Services Offered: In conclusion, Steam ‘n’ Dry Services in Onehunga, South Auckland, also offers stain removal , flood repairs, sanitisation, carpet repair and upholstery cleaning. Keep in mind that hiring a professional is an advantage. Call now at 09 262 0720. Updated Last: 08 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Contact Mt Wellington, South Auckland Contact Otahuhu, in South Auckland →