Book In Pukekohe, Carpet Cleaning South Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: south-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 262 0720 Pukekohe, South Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Pukekohe, South Auckland Manager – Maria Stephens maria@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make A Quick Online Booking. GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaners In Pukekohe, South Auckland See why our team at Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning South Auckland Services is considered one of the best upholstery, carpet cleaning, and restoration service companies in the Auckland area. Therefore, we follow the High Carpet Cleaning Government Standards . Furthermore, Pukekohe, South Auckland carpet cleaners, has served the community for over 36 years. Yet Steam ‘n’ Dry is a family-owned and operated business and was privileged to build long-term repeat relationships with residential and commercial clientele. Moreover, Pukekohe South Auckland’s carpet cleaning process goes through several stages. In some cases, if the furniture is too heavy for you, you are forced only to clean some parts of the carpet. And you are leaving other parts dirty. Undoubtedly, Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaning South Auckland services are the solution! Phone Now on 09 262 0720 : Pukekohe, South Auckland carpet cleaning. In particular, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning South Auckland Services provides residential and commercial flood repairs, stain removal, sanitisation, upholstery, carpet cleaning, and restoration services that are second to none in South Auckland. Therefore, contact Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning South Auckland to book our steam carpet cleaning services in our South Auckland area to maintain and improve your carpets’ beauty. Discover the exceptional services of Pukekohe Carpet Cleaning, catering to stains, flood repairs, and couch cleaning in Pukekohe, South Auckland. Explore the convenience of our streamlined five-step online booking system, allowing you to customise your quote, schedule an appointment, and receive a free quotation for our top-notch services. Alternatively, you can reach us directly at 09 262 0720 Last Updated: 23 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Penrose, South Auckland. Contact Us Papakura, South Auckland. Contact Us →