Book In East Tamaki, South Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: south-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 262 0720 East Tamaki, South Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: East Tamaki, South Auckland Manager – Maria Stephens maria@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make An Instant Online Booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleanings in East Tamaki, South Auckland Our method of cleaning carpets is called Professional Steam Cleaning with Extraction! Our team is equipped with superior truck-mounted carpet cleaning machines and unique products to help you reach the best condition of your spoiled, stained carpet. Therefore, hiring a professional carpet cleaning company in South Auckland may help extend your carpet’s lifespan. Comparatively, it is the solution! Superior carpet cleaning in East Tamaki, South Auckland. If you’re searching for top-notch carpet cleaning in East Tamaki, South Auckland, we are the company you need. Our expert services employ advanced hot water extraction methods to remove even deeply embedded dirt, especially helpful if you’re dealing with results from prior DIY cleaning attempts. Approximately 80% of the water used is extracted during the cleaning process, leaving around 20% to evaporate during drying naturally. Under ideal conditions, carpets typically dry within 1 to 3 hours. However, please note that high humidity or unfavourable weather conditions can extend drying times. Flood Repairs, Stain Removal, Sanitisation, Upholstery, and Carpet Cleaning Services For thorough and effective carpet cleaning services in East Tamaki, contact us at 09 262 0720 . At East Tamaki Carpet Cleaning, we recognise the significance of utilising the correct detergents to cleanse your carpets, as these directly influence outcomes and longevity. Our professional carpet cleaners always ensure the recommended detergents by manufacturers, guaranteeing a thoroughly clean carpet without any damage to the fabric. Therefore, trust East Tamaki Carpet Cleaning Steam ‘n’ Dry 1987 Cleaners for all your stain removal, flood repairs, couch cleaning, and carpet cleaning needs. If there is any other way Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry can be of help, please feel free to let us know. Dial 09 262 0720 now. Updated Last: 09 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Contact Us West Harbour, North-West Contact Us in Greenlane, South Auckland →