Book In Manurewa, South Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: south-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 262 0720 Manurewa, South Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Manurewa, South Auckland Manager – Maria Stephens maria@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make An Instant Online Booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Steam Cleaning In Manurewa, South Auckland You might have the required equipment for effective carpet cleaning. But without the expertise, you may end up doing shady work. In some cases, you may even end up damaging your carpet by following the wrong procedures when doing a carpet cleaning. Steam Cleaning in Manurewa South Auckland provides the best solution for your stained and spoiled carpet. Thus, we work to the high international industry standards of IICRC. First, our expert cleaner thoroughly examines your dirty carpet and comes up with the best solution for Carpet Cleaning in Manurewa, South Auckland. Our steam cleaning process involves several stages to ensure the best results. First, Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Services thoroughly vacuums the entire carpet area to remove dust, dry soil, and loose dirt. This step is crucial to prevent any particles from obstructing the upcoming cleaning process. Indeed, hiring professional carpet cleaners is essential for achieving a deep and effective clean. In addition, workplace carpets receive a lot of foot traffic daily, which can lead to wear and tear over time. The best thing to do is regular carpet cleaning. A routine cleaning schedule, including vacuuming and spot cleaning, is needed. Thus, Steam ‘n’ Dry in Manurewa South Auckland can help prevent dirt, debris, and spills from accumulating and causing long-term damage. Unique Pre-Sprayed Solution Any particular stains are pre-sprayed with our unique three types – smell, stain, and bacteria treatment. Our specialised pre-spray formula is designed to penetrate deep into the fibres, breaking down stubborn stains and neutralising unpleasant smells at their source. This comprehensive approach guarantees that visible blemishes, odours and potentially harmful microorganisms are effectively addressed. Therefore, our goal is to provide a thorough and holistic solution that leaves your carpets not only visually appealing but also free from odours and potential contaminants. Moreover, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry 1987 Cleaners also offer stain removal, flood repairs, and upholstery cleaning services. Contact us at 09 262 0720. Updated Last: 10 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Carpet Cleaning Manukau, South Auckland Contact Mt Wellington, South Auckland →