Discount Carpet Cleaning Winter Specials Save Up To Forty Per Cent On Carpet Cleaning And More! We’re feeling generous! To avail of this particular discount on our Carpet Cleaning Service, follow the mechanics below: 1. Give us a ‘Like’ on Our Facebook Page and receive a free complete house carpet microbial sanitisation and deodorisation treatment with any booked carpet cleaning. 2. Leave a review on Google using the Google reviews link, and receive ten per cent off any of our services. 3. Take a screenshot of your Facebook Follow and Google Review. 4. Send them over to our Facebook Page Inbox: Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry – Carpet Cleaners 5. Schedule your Carpet Cleaning with us! Whole House Free Disinfecting Sanitise – Discount Carpet Cleaning Specials Generally, mention this page and get free coronavirus disinfection on what we clean. Also, FDA and EPA Approved Disinfectant Products – Auckland’s Active Ingredient kills SARS & other coronaviruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and moulds. Our fogging vapour and fine misting spray sanitise, disinfect and clean carpets, upholstery and mattresses. Apart from that, we are a certified professional carpet cleaner in Auckland. Protect Your Carpet/Upholstery With Teflon Stain Guard 40% Off Teflon Guard and a Carpet Clean, $7 now $4.20 per sqm. Carpet and Upholstery Cleaning Combo 25% Off Upholstery Cleaning with a Carpet Clean when booked in . Pet Urine Removal Treatment Get 50% Off Pet Urine Stain Removal and Deodorising Treatments. Additionally, deodorising and sanitation, so $10 n ow, just $5 per Room. Pest Control Moreover, 30% Off Pest Control Single-level treatment, so $150 is now only $100 when combined with a carpet cleaner. 30% Discount Commercial per 500 sqm. Pest Control, so $1 now only 70 cents per sqm. Indeed, you save 30% off Pest Control 2-level treatment, so $190 is now only $133. Above all, remember to mention these specials when booking your appointment and upon booking. NOTE: The above prices exclude GST. Updated Last: 23 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← About Us Since 1987 Stain Protection →