Carpet And Fabric Stain Protection Carpet Stain Protection Furniture treated with the proper stain protection looks better and lasts longer, so you can enjoy it stress-free while saving repair and stain removal costs for the long term. Therefore, our carpet stain protection treatments minimise the damage before it happens. Let our professionals apply our Dupont Teflon furniture and carpet protection to your Auckland home or office furnishings. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry will come to you at South Auckland, North Shore, East, West Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Repels Dirt And Stains It’s good to see how bright and clean your carpet looks right after cleaning. You can keep it looking fresh with carpet stain protection. Stain protectors, first of all, form an invisible shield around each fibre, which resists stains. Teflon Advanced uses DuPont , providing more repellent than any other carpet protector. It repels most liquids, allowing spills to stand by before staining. Dirt stains cling to untreated carpet and quickly become in the fibres. Carpet stain protection, furthermore, keeps dirt from sticking to the fibres, making carpets easier for stain care. Proper stain protection is secure with Teflon. We’ll visit your home and apply a stain-protecting solution to your sofa and carpet. The technician will form an invisible layer that will not change its look or feel. You may use a professional agent carpet cleaner from Auckland’s Steam ‘n’ Dry. It dries quickly and leaves no odour when applied with fine misting spray. As a result, it is non-toxic and safe to use around family and pets. Solvent-free! DuPont and Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry recommend carpet stain protection after cleaning the carpet. Even wool carpets can benefit from carpet stain protection. With the application of a carpet stain shield, you know your carpet is protected with a quality product. Stain Protection Works Carpet and fabric upholstery can be stain-protected from the following types of soil and staining: Like furry pets or skin contact, dry, oily soil will stick to the fibres. Wet spills. Food spills from food dyes. Stop Dirt and Stains in Their Tracks . The next time you have your carpet cleaning, ask for a Teflon stain carpet protector because of it: Forms an invisible shield around each fibre Repels liquid spills It’s the best soil protection for all types of carpets It helps carpets last longer Protects your carpet investment It helps make carpets easier to care for It is safe around family pets Protect your investment and keep your carpet clean. Carpet Teflon stain guard will help protect your carpet against most stains. It will also make vacuuming easier. A carpet or upholstery stain protector is best utilised after a thorough truck mount upholstery or carpet cleaning when the carpet and fabric upholstery are clean and fresh. More than simple vacuuming won’t effectively remove soil and dirt trapped under the protective layer. Also, when the fibres are pure, the Protector will stick better, providing better protection for your upholstery or carpet fibre. Back to Top Teflon Carpet Stain Protection Long-lasting protection with extra repellent. It helps carpets stay cleaner, brighter, newer, and fresher through daily wear. Also, it creates a shield around each of the carpet fibres. Also, c arpet protection provides more water repellent than other leading carpet stain protectors, along with topsoil & stain protection. Supposedly, you can protect your newly cleaned carpet and furniture in a few minutes. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, experienced technicians spray on the Protector after the cleaning to provide the perfect finish to your carpet. The improved stain repellency of the Teflon carpet stain protector provides extra time to clean up spills and minimise wick-up and the spreading of pigments. Carpet stain protection is more resistant to oil and water-based stains than ever. Thanks to its higher repel! They keep dirt from sticking to fibres. Dirt and stains cling to untreated carpet; as a result, they quickly settle in the threads. Teflon Carpet stain protector creates a shield around the carpet’s fibres to keep dirt from lodging within the carpet. Same as keeping food from sticking to pots and pans to prevent dirt and grime from sticking to the mat. Are you wondering what makes carpets and upholstery repel fluids and spills when they’re new? How come they bead up rather than get absorbed in the fabric? Luckily, your carpet cleaning professional, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, can quickly restore this protection by applying commercial-quality Dupont Teflon stain and spill protection to your carpet or upholstered furniture. Back to Top Stain Guard Keeping your carpet looking like new is now easier than ever. A professional carpet cleaning will brighten and freshen the carpet. But every time someone walks into your house, they track in dirt and spill stains. You need to protect your freshly cleaned rug with a carpet stain protector. DuPont recommends the application of carpet and upholstery stain protectors every 2-3 cleaning sessions on all carpet types—even those with built-in soil and stain protection. Fabric Protection has a 3-5 year Lifespan. Buying new carpets or furniture comes straight from the factory with stain and spill protection. Unfortunately, this protection doesn’t last forever. Over time, it wears away with regular use by walking on the carpet and sitting on the sofa. Upholstery and Carpet Cleaning removes some of this protection as well. Still, carpet cleaning is needed because the soil and other contaminants build up and can cause further damage and health issues if left undisturbed. Back to Top Stain Protection FAQs Can stain protection be applied to the upholstery? Teflon™ works well on upholstery and is less prone to flood damage compared to delicate fabrics like silk. Teflon™ stain guard helps protect upholstery made of cotton, nylon, and fabric blends from stains. How often should stain protectors be applied? Traffic varies with each situation since the biggest enemy of stain protectors is traffic. The re-application is suitable after 2-3 years or 2-3 cleaning sessions. Probably, the same conditions that led to the need for cleaning have led to the need to refresh the carpet protection. Are carpet warranties affected by cleaning? Carpet mills recommend that Protector maintain their warranties. Stain-blocking stain-resistant nylon fibres, such as Stain Master. Why apply to Teflon Advanced First, because Teflon upholstery and carpet protectors provide an excellent service for Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry customers, the carpet looks better for longer. Q. Will the fabric protector wash out? How long will it last? A. Fabric protectors are applied to the fabric; therefore, they keep protecting the fabric after washing. Q. How can fabric treatment with Teflon upholstery stain protection remain soft? A. Teflon fabric protector is for fabrics, so it does not impact breathability or feel. Q. Can I buy a spray can of fabric stain protector to treat my fabrics? A. For upholstery, also carpets. Professional carpet cleaners can apply Teflon Advanced carpet & upholstery protectors. Back to Top Stain Prevention Carpet Upholstery Protector Teflon Advanced Carpet Stain Protector Upholstery Fabric Stain Protector Furthermore, some stain protectors on the market focus more on preventing staining, including acid dye resistors. It helps ensure that the fruit juice or tomato sauce can’t dye your carpet a new and exciting hue. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry upholstery and carpet stain and soil protectors don’t bead up because the dye resistance means it could be better at repelling liquid. It is a fair tradeoff in most cases – depending on your needs. Fabric Upholstery Stain Protector Fabrics are treated to resist fighting off dry soil and nasty spills and splashes, allowing liquids to bead up and roll off. Protectors from fluorochemicals repel oil and water-based spills well, so liquids will bead up instead of immediately soaking in. When a collapse remains at the surface, you have time to blot it up before gravity takes over and it gets through to the fibres. Stain Protector Types So, how do you know which type of stain protector is best for your home? Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry recommends a Dupont Teflon stain guard. A cleaner may support a specific protector or the other and can also check the condition of the current Protector to see if you need a new layer of Protector applied. Products with Teflon fabric protectors require no special care. Just follow the instructions to enjoy the best benefits of fabric protector for your carpet. Back to Top Last Updated: 24 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Special Discount Deals Persian Oriental Rug Cleaning →