Carpet Stain Remover Stain Release ® (Trade Secret) Upholstery and Carpet Stain Cleaner Used by the Carpet Cleaning Professionals Also, r eleases Tough Stains Carpet Stain Removal Made Easy General User Guide Spray sparingly onto the stain. Wait for 2-3 minutes. Generally, blot out with a white towel or cloth. Repeat if necessary Best Carpet Spot And Stain Remover Graeme Stephens gives this expert tip and recommendation for stain removal. An IICRC Certified 2001 Master Restoration Technician. With over 36 years of carpet cleaning experience, and as the owner of Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry. It will help you with your next carpet cleaning and stain removal service in West Auckland, North Shore, East, South Auckland and Hibiscus Coast. If you’ve ever bought a carpet stain remover in Auckland, Stain Release ® carpet and upholstery cleaning product was probably your first pick. Therefore, it can do a great job of attacking stains right when they happen and set in colours. Stain Release ® Carpet And Upholstery Cleaning Product The carpet and upholstery cleaning product Stain Release is an extra-strength, professional formula safe for carpets, rugs, and upholstery. Of course, it effectively removes even the toughest stains from red wine, chocolate, grease, cosmetics spills, dirt, food colour, makeup, and more. Unlike many reliable carpet cleaners, Stain Release ® carpet and upholstery cleaning products won’t damage the surfaces beneath your carpet, car’s upholstery, rugs, or furniture upholstery. With high-traffic areas in your home that need a temporary spot removal or cleaning, try Stain Release ® carpet and upholstery cleaning products. It can remove the toughest stains from heavily used areas, like stairs, hallways, lounges, and dining areas. This Stain Release ® carpet and upholstery cleaner is a plant-based surfactant to aid the enzymes in removing stains and odours. It’s free of harmful chemicals, so it’s entirely safe to use inside and around your family. Indeed, this Stain Release ® upholstery, rug & carpet cleaning product is good at removing stains, dirt, and odours from larger carpeted areas, large area rugs, and upholstery. Stain Release Precautions Of course, keep it out of reach of children. In the case of eye contact, rinse with water for 5 minutes. Upholstery. Before using it for upholstery, apply sparingly to an inconspicuous area and blot with a towel or cloth. Check for colour fastness. Notes: There are countless varieties of stains. Also, some colours may be permanent, requiring professionally equipped and trained carpet cleaning technicians who are IICRC certified. For more info, contact our office, where you can find more helpful information, including the international carpet cleaner newsletter. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services has proudly provided professional carpet cleaning and stain removal and had extensive services since 1987. Therefore, we follow the high government standards recommended by the manufacturer, CRI. Thus, see our 5-star Facebook Reviews or Google Reviews. For Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Service professionals, call 0800 783-266 or email us. Updated Last: 24 July 2025 . By Graeme Stephens . (IICRC MASTER TECHNICIAN) ← Water Damage Drying Repair Franchise Packages NZ →