Carpet Stain Removal in Auckland Our Truck-Mounted Units are the most effective for carpet stain removal throughout Auckland. 97% of carpet stains are removed. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry owner Graeme Stephens has 36 years of carpet stain removal experience. Also, he’s a 2001 IICRC Certified “Master Restoration Technician.” On the other hand, our carpet cleaners have over 20 years of experience with carpet stain removal and expert training. Of course, our highly trained professionals can remove most types of stains on your carpet, rug, or sofa as soon as possible. We usually have better results if the colour is not treated with any other chemicals before we attempt to remove it. Thus, don’t hesitate to contact our professional stain removal service experts in Auckland in any emergency. To learn more about in-depth, heavy-duty carpet cleaning and stain removal service treatments. Call Steam ‘ n’ Dry Carpet Stain Removal Auckland Service experts for professional stain removal cleaning services in South Auckland, North Shore, East and West Auckland. Our team will be happy to assist you! For The Carpet Stain Removal Auckland Service Experts, Call 0800 783-266 or email . Furthermore, we are equipped with various stain removal solutions with a proven track record for successful stain removal properties. Our team is trained and experienced in using them. They understand the chemistry of the different stains and know how to use them so that they can successfully remove them from your surfaces, leaving them spotless again. Achieving the correct pH is vital for the complete stain removal service; you have the knowledge and tools to make it. You can remove all types of stains in many ways, but it is good to know how and be armed with some tried and true carpet stain removal methods to remove the carpet stains. It can be a more significant challenge if they are not treated with the proper care when they occur. Thus, take a deep breath, read on, and that stain will vanish. Check Out Our 5-Star Carpet Cleaning And Stain Removal Auckland Service Reviews. * Auckland Google Reviews * Yellow Pages Reviews * Facebook Reviews * South Auckland Reviews * West Auckland Reviews * Trademe Service Reviews * No Cowboys Reviews * North Shore Reviews * Hibiscus Coast Reviews * Yelp Reviews Stain Removal Guide Gum Removal Freeze with an ice cube and flake off with a knife. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Stain Removal Auckland Services offers a gum stain removal service for approximately $17. Wax Removal Place a paper towel over the wax and an iron on top of the paper for 15-second Intervals. Thus, replace the piece and repeat. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Stain Removal Auckland Services offers wax stain remover for approximately $35. Blood Removal Blot excess up with a white cloth/towel. Apply cold water sparingly, then blot out again. If you own a wet-dry vacuum extractor, use that to remove excess moisture. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Stain Removal Auckland removes carpet blood stains for approximately $59. Ink Removal Blot excess up with a paper towel, first of all, with acetone. Avoid working the stain into the carpet backing or spreading it. If you own a wet-dry vacuum extractor, use that to remove excess moisture. Call 376-7007 immediately. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services provides ink stain removal for $35. Coffee Removal Blot excess with a white cloth towel, and mix a solution with 50% white vinegar and 50% water. Thus, apply for blot-up access. If unsuccessful, call 376-7007 . Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Stain Removal Auckland Services can do your coffee stain removal service for $39. Drinks – Food Dye Colour Blot excess up with a white cloth or towel. Use a 2-part heat transfer removal. Call 376-7007 . Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Stain Removal Auckland can do a coffee stain remover treatment for $29. Dirt Stain Removal Wait until dry, then dry and vacuum thoroughly. Then, follow the directions guide. If unsuccessful, call 376-7007: Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services, dirt stain removal treatment for $15. Lipstick Removal Scrape the excess off carefully with a knife. If you own a wet-dry vacuum extractor, use that to remove excess moisture. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Stain Removal Auckland removes lipstick stains for $35. Paint Removal Blot excess paint up with a white cloth or towel. If you own a wet-dry vacuum, use that to remove excess moisture. Then call Auckland Wide at 376-7007 . We do carpet paint stain removal services for $30. Pet Urine Removal Sometimes, dog urine accidents have dried because you didn’t initially see them happen. You can find dried urine stains on your carpet with a black light. Handheld black lights are inexpensive, usually costing $115 – $200. You can often see the colour or odours using your nose instead. Therefore, the next step is to mix 50% white vinegar and 50% water. Get the answer in with a scrubbing brush to ensure it penetrates the carpet fibres below. Now blot the area again using the paper towel method above. The vinegar will, first of all, neutralise the alkaline and ammonia in the dog’s urine. If you own a wet-dry vacuum, use that to extract moisture. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Stain Removal Auckland Services can remove urine stains for $39. Red Wine Stain Removal 1. Blot up as much red wine stain as possible using a clean white cloth. If you own a wet-dry vacuum, then use that to remove excess moisture. 2. Pour cold water onto the red wine stain. Also, blot up the stained area again. Finally, until no more stains can be removed. 3. Use a 4-1 baking soda water paste on the red wine stain. Allow it to dry before vacuuming up. If you own a wet-dry vac, use that to dry 4. If a red wine stain remains, apply a carpet stain removal chemical according to the directions, or call us soon. Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Stain Removal Auckland provides a wine stain removal service for $49. NOTE: Prices mentioned above may vary and are GST-excluded. Problem Stain There are surprisingly good remedies for carpet stains in this day and age of new methods, such as paint, drinks, watermarks, urine, tarmac rust, dye, etc. We use specialised professional techniques such as: Heat Transfer: The two-part dye remover solution is first applied and transferred onto a towel with a hot iron. Carpet Spot Dyeing : The affected stain colour is reduced and dyed to the proper colour; as a result, the same acid dyes as the carpet manufacturer are used. Patch Carpet Repair : Replace the affected rotten carpet with a new piece. Stain Removal Guarantee Some of our services, such as stain removal treatments, are separate from standard cleaning and incur an additional charge. However, stain removal is not always guaranteed, as several factors are beyond our control. These include previous cleaning attempts, how long the stain has been set, stain identification, its age, contamination beneath the carpet, the source of the stain, and original colour fading due to emptied dye sites. Our Stain Removal Services successfully removed carpet & upholstery stains, such as juice, sweat, perspiration, and mustard, including hard mildew, lipstick, coffee stains, rust, milk, coffee, blood, dog urine, and pet stains. Carpet Cleaning Stain Removal Carpets get a wide range of soil and stains. Most of all, public areas are affected by chewing gum, candy, grease and oil paints, cigarette burns, and food and beverage spills. If left untreated or tampered with, these soils can become difficult to remove from the carpet successfully. There is a significant difference between soil, stain, and a set of dye stains. The former is a soluble substance, easily removed by a standard cleaning process. The latter is a substance dyed and altered in a fabric or carpet fibre. Therefore, a typical cleaning process may not remove it. Compared to the fabric or fibre, a lighter carpet stain may be more difficult to remove and may prove impossible to remove due to potential dye loss. The only option left is dyeing, so carpet stain dyeing or carpet restoration dyeing. Thus, we have expert training in IICRC-certified standards and Carpet Stain Removal Certification Training, Govt . Immediate action and the proper removal of chemicals by Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service Experts. So, promptly call the professionals. Following correct procedures can keep stains under control. At all times, test the fibre in an inconspicuous area, first of all, before using the carpet stain removal chemical. There are some excellent carpet cleaning spot removal products on the market. That is efficient at removing both water-soluble and oil-based stains. Thus, a carpet stain removal guide may help you DIY or get the best stain removal service. These carpet stain removal products will remove, most of all, the stains you will come across. Stain Tip The most significant piece of advice is to, first of all, remove the stain before it becomes a stain. Keep in mind that what may come out today may not come out tomorrow. Indeed, all manufacturers set out instructions on how their stain removal products work and what stains they will remove. Updated Last: 24 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← How to Choose a Good Carpet Cleaner Carpet Cleaning Methods →