Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Terms and Conditions Policy 1. Application 1.1 The following terms and conditions (“Terms”) shall apply to the cleaning services (“Services”) purchased by you from Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Limited (“us, we, our”). Indeed, these Terms will prevail if there is any inconsistency with any other document. Of course, the Services will be provided to you by one of our Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Limited (“Cleaners”), who must strictly follow our standards in all respects. Services include, but are not limited to: carpet cleaning, flood restoration, upholstery cleaning, carpet repairs, disinfecting services, pest control, mattress cleaning, stain removal, car interior cleaning, mould treatment, meth decontamination, and odour removal. 2. List Of Tasks 2.1 Generally, you agree to provide a list of tasks to be completed. Therefore, you understand that the price you have received for a quotation does not include anything apart from labour and equipment to complete the indicated carpet cleaning, other cleanings, pest control, flood restoration drying , decontamination, and repair service tasks. 2.2 We agree to provide all cleaning supplies and equipment necessary for the Services unless you have made other arrangements with us. 2.3 Some of our services are separate from cleaning; the following services are on a per-treatment basis, such as pest control, stain protection , and stain removal treatment. Moreover, stain removal treatments have no guarantee of success as there are too many factors outside our control, such as previous attempts, setting in, and fading empty dye sites. Things To Prepare Before We Clean 2.4 You must provide running water, electricity, and sufficient lighting at the premises where the Carpet cleaning, other cleaning, repairs, drying, decontamination, and repairs services occur. 2.5 Supposedly, we are not obligated to clean vomit, blood, excretion, or other body spillages on health and safety grounds. We can give a different price. 2.6 We reserve the right not to continue with the job if, on inspection, it is found that the material to be cleaned or treated is not suitable for cleaning or treatment. We will also not proceed if essential conditions—such as access to water or power—are not met, or if there is interference from the Client or any other person that prevents us from carrying out the work. In such cases, no refund will be provided. 2.7 We reserve the right not to provide the cleaning services on the agreed date if we are unable to reasonably access the Premises for any reason whatsoever, including due to clauses 3 (a), (b), and (c) not being complied with. We will provide no refund if this clause applies. 3.0 Your Obligations And Risk 3.1 You acknowledge that you are solely liable for the following: (a) First, ensuring that we have unlimited access to the Premises to perform the Services on the agreed date; (b) Second, instructions regarding the deactivation/activation of any alarm systems. (c) Next, ensure that any dogs at the Premises are adequately restrained while the Services are being performed. (d) Then provide us with complete details of what areas you want to have the carpet cleaning or stain removed, or the specific seats for upholstery cleaning. (e) Lastly, inform us of any areas not to be cleaned or that require special instructions. 3.2 Thus, if you wish to cancel the services, you must notify us in writing or by email. Even so, you will only receive a refund for cancellations made within 24 hours before the carpet cleaning starts, other cleaning, repairs, drying, decontamination, and repairs services. Failing to do so may result in a cancellation fee being charged or forfeiture of any deposit or prepayment made. 3.3 All future service orders can be made via the website or by phoning the Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Limited advertised phone numbers. 3.4 You may request additional cleaning services from our Cleaners while performing the Services for you without our prior approval. 4. Terms And Conditions – Limitation Of Liability 4.1 Subject to 6, we will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage. Including, without limitation, economic loss, loss of profits or savings (or for any incidental or consequential loss or damage). However caused, arising out of or in connection with the supply of carpet cleaning, upholstery cleaning, repairs, drying, pest control, decontamination, flood restoration, or any inability to provide these services, including, without limitation, as a result of the following: (a) Fair wear and tear to the Premises arising from the standard provision of the Services; (b) Unavailability of electricity and water (including a lack of hot water) or insufficient lighting; (c) Timeline delays in flood restoration drying due to your premises’ inadequate or inconsistent power supply. (d) Interference by a third party or, in the case of flood drying equipment, yourself. (e) Inability to access the Premises due to not being provided with the correct keys and alarm codes or for some other reason beyond our cleaner’s control. (f) delays or termination of the Services due to any circumstances outside our control, including as a result of weather conditions, traffic congestion, postponement or cessation in the supply of materials we require to complete the service, strikes, lockouts, war or violence, or any other event outside our control; (g) incorrect information supplied by you or your failure to comply with our Instructions. Liabilities 4.2 Our liability in respect of all claims for loss, damage, or injury arising from a breach of our obligations under these Terms or any act or omission by us is limited in each case to the lesser of: (a) Resupply of the Services. (b) Payment of the reasonable cost of supplying the Services. (c) The price of the affected Services. 4.3 All claims can be made in writing and are subject to verification or acceptance. No claim for any loss, damage, or injury arising from the supply of our goods or services may be brought more than 48 hours after the date you become aware or reasonably ought to have been aware of the circumstances giving rise to the claim. 5. Terms And Conditions – No Refunds 5.1 Subject to our obligations under the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 or law, you agree that there are no refunds of any amounts you have paid for the Services. 5.2 We receive complaints in writing (including by email) within 48 hours of the carpet cleaning, other cleaning, repairs, drying, decontamination, pest control, and repair service completion. 5.3 We provide services, and if you are unsatisfied with our service. Then, place a complaint within the state 48 hours after we complete the service. Next, we reserve the right to return a cleaner to perform the Services again. You agree to allow the cleaner to return and to re-perform the service, like carpet cleaning, other cleaning, repairs, drying, decontamination, and repairs. 6. Consumer Guarantees Act Of 1993 6.1 Terms and conditions: You agree that we supply Goods or Services for the business; the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 will not apply. 6.2 The Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 construes nothing that applies to these Terms as an attempt to contract out of this Act. 7. Warranties 7.1 All our implied statutory warranties, including, without limitation, expressly exclude (to the extent permitted by law). Also, we suggested the warranties of merchantability and fitness. For any particular purpose, 8. Terms & Conditions Of Payments 8.1: We request payment on completion on the day of the cleaning session. 8.2: Cash payment upon completion of the service 8.3: You can pay the cheque on completion. Could you make the cheque payable to Auckland Steam n Dry Limited? Paying by cheque requires a cheque guarantee card. The customer will be responsible for all bank and legal charges resulting from the discrediting of the cheque. 8.4: You can pay via the cleaner, office, or website via debit or credit card. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Limited will keep the customer’s card details private from a third party. 8.5: The account will be passed to our collections agency. And if not paid after 30 days of the invoice / due date. Therefore, we will add a charge of 30% on the initial invoice owing to the debt. As part of this contract, you agree to pay this sum, representing our reasonable costs in collecting the unpaid amounts. Suppose no payment is received after 90 days of the invoice date. In that case, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Limited reserves the right to any additional recovery costs. And we deemed it necessary to recover the overdue payment(s). 9. Privacy Information 9.1 Terms and conditions for privacy information: You agree that we will use any information you provide. We can use it anytime for any purpose in connection with our business. Including but not limited to marketing and promotional purposes. Any personal information is held at 3 Cain Road, Penrose, Auckland, and you have the individual right to access your data under the Privacy Act 1993 . We collect personal information from you, including information about your: name contact information location billing or purchase information Schedule the required service contract Indeed, you have the right to request a copy of any personal information we hold about you. And you can ask for a correction if you think it is wrong. If you ask for a copy of your information or to have it corrected, please email us at info@steam-n-dry.co.nz , call us at 0800 783-266 , or PO Box 21087, Auckland. 10. Unsolicited Electronic Messages Act 2007 10.1 You consent to us sending you commercial emails from time to time. Therefore, the email address for unsubscribing to commercial emails is info@steam-n-dry.co.nz.co.nz 11. General 11.1 General Terms and Conditions: Any provision of these terms held invalid or unenforceable. Any reason must be cut off to maintain the remaining provisions of these terms. 11.2 Therefore, you agree that these terms express our understanding. And that there have been no representations made by or on behalf of us that you have relied upon that are not contained in these terms. NOTE: All prices exclude GST Updated Last: 24 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Auckland Business for Sale NZ Disinfecting Clean Service →