Tile Grout Cleaning Auckland The most effective method of tile grout cleaning is steam extraction using a large truck-mounted unit, using 80 °C hot steam for tile cleaning. This tile and grout cleaning information is provided by Graeme Stephens, a 2001 IICRC Master Restoration Technician. Over time, dirt, grime, and contaminants build up in pores, grout lines, and tile surfaces, making them look discoloured and dull. Damp areas may also develop mildew. Remove the trapped soil from the grout to help clean up your tile. For more tile cleaning, see the experts. Tile and grout cleaning takes more than a quick pass with home-cleaning products and a sponge. Please call 0800 783-266 or email Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services. To preserve the beautiful appearance of your grout lines and maintain a spotless bathroom, it’s crucial to avoid discolouration. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry specialises in effectively removing trapped dirt between tiles and grout. Ceramic grout cleaning is indispensable for achieving a clean look in kitchens and bathrooms. The Steam n Dry Tile and Grout Cleaning Benefits Steam ‘n’ Dry Tile and Grout Cleaning Auckland Systems specialise in restoring tile and grout to a clean, sanitary condition, ready for use in your home or business. Our cleaning uses a specialised tile-cleaning tool, utilising a fully contained truck-mounted machine with soft water. The water temperature of Tile and Grout Cleaning is at least 80 °C hot steam. This tool will wash out the grout lines and the tile surface while continuously vacuuming off the soil and excess water: excellent cleaning and no splashing mess in your home or business. Cleaning ceramic tile grout helps to increase the durability of your tile and grout. Existing hard floor and grout cleaning signifies that you can quickly remove unwanted germs, grime and bacteria from ceramic tile and grout. Steam cleaners employ high-pressure steam to clean off the tile and grout. It is not as corrosive as pressure washing. Furthermore, the hot temperature of the steam helps to kill bacteria. Finally, it is excellent at cleaning up porous surfaces. Auckland Steam n Dry Cleaning Method Advanced heat-based technology, cleaning solutions, vacuum power, and high-pressure rinse remove dirt and grime that others can’t. Also, we go deep to remove stubborn dirt – even in the most hard-to-reach corners. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning finishes the job by applying a penetrating sealer that protects against mildew and staining for up to two years. We specialise in cleaning coloured grout, ceramic, and porcelain tiles. Thus, our cleaners can optionally apply a grout sealer to give your tile and grout a new appearance. At Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, we’re excited about a new service we offer: Using the power and heat from our truck-mounted steam cleaners, we can now clean tile better than ever. We first pre-treat the ceramic tile with the appropriate cleaning solution and select the proper tool for cleaning the ceramic tile. The heat (over 200 degrees), water pressure (over 1000 psi) and vacuum from the truck mount in the van combine to restore the ceramic tile to a like-new appearance. We also worked in high CRI 104/105 Carpet Installation Standards and Certificate-III-in-Flooring-Technology-Carpet-Apprenticeship . Additionally, we have ozone machines on wheels for rent for sanitisation and decontamination. These well-researched scientists state that ozone kills 99.9% of coronaviruses, including SARS, with the Ozone Disinfecting method . Thus, call 0800 783-266 or email for more information. Updated Last: 24 July 2025. By Graeme Stephens (IICRC Master Technician) ← Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaning South Auckland Carpet Stain Removal Tips →