Tile Cleaning Auckland Services Graeme Stephens gives this expert tile cleaning information. He is an IICRC Certified 2001 Master Restoration Technician with over 36 years of carpet cleaning experience and owner of Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry. It is to help you make an informed decision for your subsequent grout and tile cleaning service. Also, c eramic tiles are one of the most popular flooring options nowadays. The durability of ceramic tile is unquestionable, but like all floors, it needs care and proper cleaning. Floor tile and grout cleaning services can make your grout look more beautiful and last much longer. For Auckland service professionals, call 0800 783-266 or email Steam ‘n’ Dry Tile Grout Cleaning Auckland Services. Tile Cleaning Process Steam ‘n’ Dry Tile Cleaning Auckland Services uses state-of-the-art truck-mounted extraction units and specially designed cleaning agents to get deep into areas you can’t reach. Therefore, we use a high-powered, high-temperature hard surface extraction tool to remove deep-down dirt and grease from your grout. You get the industry’s most excellent cleaning equipment and solutions when you choose Steam ‘n’ Dry Tile, Carpet and Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service. Benefits of Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services Eliminates mould, mildew, and bacteria Also, it removes years of dirt and buildup Reduce cleaning by up to 50% Of course, cost-effective service Save time and money Extends the life of the floor Improves indoor air quality Also, prevent future stains Finally, it keeps tiles cleaner and longer ​​Why Choose Steam ‘n’ Dry Tile Cleaning Auckland Services Steam ‘n’ Dry Trained and Certified Service Technicians have over 30 years of experience. We use the latest technology to ensure you receive outstanding service every time. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service offers the trust and confidence of using the leading national brand, combined with our friendly, local service. We deliver superior service and quality as Steam ‘n’ Dry professionals. We aim to help you spend less time worrying about whether your tiles, carpets, and furniture are clean and safe and more time enjoying your family in a healthy home. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning more beneficial, in-depth cleaning process that uses less water and a natural tile cleaner. This is to give you the peace of mind of having a spotless home safe for your kids and pets. The steam cleaning extraction tool is gentle on the surface of your floor tiles. Tile Cleaning We can work magic on the tough grout stains and discolouring between the tiles on hard-surface floors. Thus, we comply with the New Zealand Certificate in cleaning level-3 specialist cleaning strands. Tile and grout cleanings are used for flooring and walls in many kitchens and bathrooms. Different colours and patterns make these surfaces easy to work with in any design. Tile and grout surfaces are also ideal for kitchens and bathrooms because of their moisture resistance, but as the tile finish wears off, dirt, mildew, and other debris can stick to the tile surfaces and grout lines. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry provides tile and grout cleaning services to homeowners in West Auckland, North Shore, East, South Auckland and Hibiscus Coast areas. Therefore, our technicians are trained to deep clean and restore tile and grout lines by removing deeply embedded dirt. A pristine kitchen or bathroom is a glorious sight. But what if you can’t get the dirt out of every crack and crevice? The bacteria and buildup that have set up camp in your grout seem to stand out even more now that everything else in the room is sparkling clean. Indeed, grout cleaning services are just what you need for a seamless result. Updated Last. 26 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ( IICRC Master Technician) ← Tile & Grout Cleaning Tips Grout Cleaning →