Tile & Grout Cleaning Tips The following cleaning tips will help you with your tile and grout cleaning concerns. These cleaning tips that compose dos and don’ts can aid in simplifying your daily routine and make washing your tile and grout much more accessible. Sticking with these easy measures will also help preserve your tile and grout, making it easier to keep them clean. Grout And Tile Cleaning Guide DOs Use throw mats in high-traffic areas like entryways, walkways and in front of the kitchen sink. Clean regularly to avoid gunk build-up Take the time to clean the tile and scrub out the grout. Get the area of the tile you are working on wet before starting. A little time to soak in may help you save some time scrubbing. Make use of a tile disinfectant . This step is best for killing germs, bacteria, mould, and mildew. Ensure that the area is thoroughly dried after cleaning, as this will help prolong the lifespan of your tiles. Seal your grouts or have them sealed regularly every 2 to 3 years. This helps them preserve their original colour. Also, it keeps the dirt out. Change chipped, cracked, or broken tiles at the earliest opportunity. Not changing out broken tiles can ultimately result in a higher-priced problem later. Mould and mildew could get trapped in the tile, breaking it down faster. This goes double about tile roofs. Thus, have fun. Take time to admire the work when you are done. Tile Grout Cleaning Tips And Mistakes DON’Ts Use harsh adhesives, which can often damage the tile grout. Allow water to sit on the tile for too long, since doing so can get under the tile and cause damage. Mix ammonia with bleach, which creates lethal chlorine gas. Use harsh chemicals. Sooner or later, these can destroy the grout and tiles. It might be wise to use a mild cleaner first. Finally, gradually use a more robust solution to the level required to remove spots. Use coarse scrubbers that could scratch the tile. Use coloured cleaners that could stain the grout. Indeed, maintaining tile and grout clean is very important for lengthening the life of tiled areas. Thus, we work and follow the high Industry Standard Floor NZ and AS/NZS 2455.1:1:2007 Textile floorcoverings – Installation practice Part 2 Carpet tiles . To help you with your tile and grout cleaning, call 0800 783-266 or email Auckland Steam n Dry. Experienced, researched and written by Graeme Stephens. An IICRC Master Restoration Technician in 2001. Over 36 years of disinfecting, tile and grout cleaning services experience. Updated Last: 24 July 2025 ← Pre-Purchase Home Meth and Moisture Testing Tile Cleaning Service →