Upholstery Cleaning Tips And Services In Auckland These upholstery cleaning tips have been researched and written by an expert with over 35 years of furniture cleaning experience. Graeme Stephens, IIRC Certified 2001 Master Restoration Technician , is Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry CEO. Well aware of how valuable time is for our clients, we put together this guide so you can make wise decisions for your next couch cleaning and dust mite control. We spend most of our free time in the heart of the home: the living room. Whether entertaining or relaxing, the last thing you want to see is a big water ring on your sofa or smell a foul odour from where your dog usually sleeps. Luckily, with our professional services, you do not need to worry about these issues. So, what makes Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service different from other companies that offer upholstery cleaning? Well, for a start, we carry out a deep and thorough upholstery restoration process that consistently produces impressive results – not a quick clean. We use hot water extraction methods and impregnated compounds, which brush into the furnishings and remove them with a powerful vacuum. For Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service professionals, call 0800 110 282 or email us . Upholstery Cleaning | Furniture And Couch Cleaners You have that favourite chair or couch and want to keep it. It is like an old shoe, worn out but comfortable. Is there an alternative to replacing it with something new? You bet there is. Upholstery has to be maintained regularly because the furniture is soiled frequently. Body oils, bacteria, germs, dust mites, mould spores, allergens, and bugs lurk in places we cannot see. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services’ job is to thoroughly clean, sanitise, deodorise, remove stains, and protect your furniture. It’s our job to ensure your furniture is clean and safe for you, your family, and your guests! Dirt, grease, and dust will build up over time and soil your slab. Regular vacuuming helps, but there comes a time when this no longer fits the bill. It is time to call the professionals to give that worn piece of furniture a new lease of life. Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service can come to your rescue! By using the most advanced piece of upholstery cleaning equipment, truck-mounted, we can guarantee to clean any upholstered furniture thoroughly in almost no time. You’ll get it when Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service provides a professional upholstery cleaning service. Upholstery Viral And Bacterial Disinfecting Clean Capable truck mounts hot steam cleaners to kill and remove viruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and other pathogens from interior car upholstery if the steam is over 70 °C . For more peace of mind, Steam ‘n’ Dry Truck-mounted Auckland Cleaners not only use 85 °C hot steam at the interior car upholstery point of contact, but we also pre-spray your mattress bed with an FDA-approved antiviral disinfecting treatment. Indeed, Mattress Antiviral Disinfecting Sanitise to Kill Coronaviruses and Bacteria. After 15 minutes of waiting, the disinfectant has eliminated 99.99% of all germs in your mattress. Our specialists then perform Hot Water Extraction cleaning to sanitise your mattresses thoroughly. How To DIY Upholstery Cleaning Maintaining the appearance of your upholstery and vehicle inside and out retains the car’s value. Here are a few helpful hints to help you with upholstery cleaning. Specifically, tackle the spills and spots: Dilute coffee spills immediately with lukewarm water and blot with paper towels or clean rags. If a stain remains after the paint dries, spray on a glass cleaner (yes, a glass cleaner!). Soak the area, allow it to sit for five minutes, and blot. Glass cleaner cleans all types of carpeting and upholstery without leaving the soapy residue of most traditional carpet cleaners. Glass cleaner is effective on even the most difficult stains. After cleaning your upholstery, it’s time to stain protect, limiting further staining. Most greasy carpeting and upholstery stains can be rubbed with paint thinner with a clean, 100% cotton cloth. Then, cover the colour with salt until the remaining grease is absorbed and vacuumed. Or cover the spot with cornmeal, let it sit overnight, and vacuum in the morning. Note: Test the effect of the paint thinner on the colourfastness of the carpeting and upholstery in a discrete area first. Hairspray will lift out pen ink stains on carpeting or upholstery. Salt will also lift the colour out of the carpet. Allow sitting until the mark is absorbed and brushed off. Repeat if necessary. Dilute and neutralise (vomit is acidic) car sickness stains from children, pets, or adults with club soda or a baking soda and water mixture. Read More: Mix a paste of dry laundry starch and cold water to cover bloodstains on carpeting or upholstery, whether animal or human. (Do not use hot water, as it will set the stain.) Allow to dry, then brush or vacuum the residue away. Though you should never drink and drive, alcohol may spill on your way home from the grocery store. Immediately diluting beer and alcohol spills with cold water on your carpeting will help to ensure they don’t permanently change colour. Wipe vinyl seats with baking soda on a damp rag to clean them quickly. Rinse with dishwashing detergent and water. Baking soda is gentler on vinyl than oil-based cleaners, which will cause the vinyl to harden. For general carpet or upholstery stains, take 3 litres of hot water, a generous amount of dish detergent, and add a cup of white vinegar. You’ll need a stiff-bristle brush to work the mixture thoroughly into the carpet fibres. Let it sit for 30 minutes. Blot until dry with towels or thick absorbent rags. This also works well for pet stains. Fading carpet? The first vacuum uses a sponge mop to lightly apply a mixture of half-clear ammonia to one pint of water. Test this mixture on a discrete area of carpeting first. Note: Do not use ammonia on wool carpeting. Is carpeting beginning to smell? Sprinkle on 20-mule Team Borax generously, then let it sit undisturbed for an hour before vacuuming. These DIY Tips And Methods Are Important: When taking your dog off-road with you? Apply a second application of pest control that will kill fleas and their eggs. Does the carpet edge start to fray? Paint carpet seams and sides with a liquid resin found in craft and fabric stores to hold the fibres in place. Before your vehicle carpet and upholstery show excessive wear and tear, vacuum them just as you would at home. Vacuuming lifts the fibres back upright and counteracts the long-term ill effects. If the situation could be better, consider renting a steam cleaning machine available at most supermarkets. If you do, be sure to bring up all excess water. Stepping on a wet carpet will damage the fibres further. Spraying a mixture of five parts water and one part liquid fabric softener onto your carpets will lessen carpet static and remove the static shock from touching metal objects. If the back of your sport/utility vehicle has left indentations in the carpeting, place a damp towel over the spot and press lightly with an iron on a low setting. The indentation will rise as the cloth dries. Avoid leaving the iron on the site too long, as synthetic fibres can melt. Wax them with liquid shoe polish to keep car mats looking brand new. Updated Last: 29 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. (IICRC Master Technician) ← P Meth Cleaning Upholstery Care Tips & Service →