Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service Upholstery can trap dirt, allergens, and soil that wear down the fibres and dull the appearance. With Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Services , your furniture will be revived and renewed for a cleaner, enhanced look. We 1st inspect upholstery for fibre type, physical defects, colour fastness, and staining. Then, we use fabric-friendly cleaners that safely remove maximum soil in West Auckland, North Shore, East, South Auckland and Hibiscus Coast. Our Upholstery Cleaners use Premium Truck-Mounted Machines that use 80°C Hot Steam to kill and remove Allergens, Coronaviruses, Dirt, Bacteria, Dust Mites, Germs, and 97% of stains from furniture, couches, mattresses, and car upholstery. In addition, we work with high Upholstery Cleaning Standards and follow the Auckland Council Health and Hygiene Code of Practice 2013 . Therefore, the business has been family-owned since 1987. 5-Star Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service Reviews * Upholstery Cleaning Reviews * Auckland Google Reviews * Yellow Pages Reviews * Facebook Reviews * South Auckland Reviews * West Auckland Reviews * Trademe Service Reviews * No Cowboys Reviews * North Shore Reviews 80 °C Hot Steam Extraction Method Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland uses 80°C steam , powerful enough to eliminate dust mites and other harmful pathogens. We specialise in citrus-based couch cleaning , ensuring a deep, fresh, and eco-friendly clean. Your furniture is an investment in comfort and style—keep it looking its best while removing germs and allergens for a healthier home. Want to protect your expensive furniture? Daily use can take a toll, but expert upholstery cleaning can help. For professional upholstery cleaning in Auckland, call Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Services on 0800 110 282 or email us . Pre-spraying Your Mattress, Sofa, Furniture Or Car Upholstery With An FDA-Approved Antiviral, Allergen, Bacterial Disinfecting And Sanitising Booster Treatment. After pre-spraying, we allow 15 minutes for the disinfectant to work before performing Hot Steam Extraction on your mattress, furniture, curtains, Haitian cotton canvas, sectional sofa, or car upholstery. This process eliminates 99.9% of germs, bacteria, allergens, dust mites, and pathogens , including viruses like SARS, coronaviruses, HIV, and Hepatitis B . Once the disinfectant has done its job, our specialists carry out Hot Water Extraction cleaning , ensuring your mattresses and upholstery are deeply sanitised. Back to Top Upholstery Cleaning Specialist Furthermore, we have you covered if you require upholstery cleaning for your Haitian cotton canvas, sectional sofa, ottomans, and other furniture. Whether you have fabrics like leather or microfiber, we have expert couch-cleaning technicians and proprietary equipment to get the job done right. Our technicians can clean various upholstery materials, like microsuede, fabric, leather, jacquard, velvet and Haitian cotton canvas. Your furniture, mattress, curtains, lounge suite, couch, dining chair, seat, and sofa are cleaned using the safest and most effective upholstery cleaning solutions. So our furniture cleaning methods can best extend the life of your furniture. Thus, choose Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service specialists who only use the most effective cleaning gear for your couches to remove dust mites, germs and allergens. Also, we deliver the best furniture cleaning service to our Auckland clients. Back to Top Improve Indoor Air Quality with Professional Upholstery Cleaning Various airborne particles can trigger allergies in sensitive children and adults. Upholstered mattresses and fabric curtains can harbour dust allergens. As a result, the fibres of furniture, mattresses, beds, curtains, couches, chairs, seats, and sofas can release these allergens into the air. Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland uses truck mount units with hot steam to kill dust mites and other allergens and a powerful vacuum to remove them. In contrast, cleaning your lounge suite, mattress, furniture, sofa, or car upholstery should be regular, like any air filter. The longer you let yourself go without a cleaning, the worse off your indoor air is. Therefore, the air you breathe carries germs and allergens that can affect respiratory problems like Asthma. Upholstery Cleaning Service, with truck mount machines that can use over 75°C, is best as the steam is hot enough to kill dust mites and other germs. Back to Top Why Is Upholstery Cleaning Important For Health? Subsequently, your upholstery is a giant sinkhole because it filters harmful germs, pests, and pollution. These odours affect the indoor air quality, which you and your family have to breathe in, where we spend 90% of our time indoors. As once an upholstery looks dirty, it’s filthy. As a result, a dingy lounge suite or couch is a serious health risk in your home or workplace. Indeed, regular professional upholstery cleaning will, in effect, remove those germs, improving your health. It will help keep you healthy and active every day. If you want a good upholstery cleaning service, contact us at (09) 376 7007 . Undoubtedly, our professional cleaners guarantee superior cleaning furniture results- the best in the business. Therefore, we will ensure you will be thrilled with the fantastic, clean furniture. Back to Top Upholstery Cleaning Services Generally, the team specialise in handling the following furniture types: Couch Suites, Dining Chairs, Sofas, Chairs, Armchairs, Recliners, and Leather Furniture. Indeed, the b est value, effective upholstery cleaning service in Auckland. Mention this and get a free disinfecting sanitisation treatment for good indoor health. Above all, deep cleaning helps extend the life of your favourite furniture. Upholstery cleaning requires expertise in handling various fabric types, and that’s where Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Cleaners excel. Our team provides the right cleaning service tailored to your needs, ensuring the best care for your furniture and upholstery. From simple to delicate fabrics, we use specialised techniques to deliver a thorough and safe clean. Back to Top Other Professional Services Carpet Cleaning Pet Odour Removal Flea Control Mould Cleaning Pest Control Repairs Carpet Laying Inside Car Upholstery Cleaning Bed Bug Control Carpet Repair Couch Cleaning Stain Removal Disinfecting Clean Mattress Cleaning Wet Carpet Drying Updated Last: 29 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Carpet Cleaning Flood Restoration →