Auckland Upholstery Stain Removal Techniques Upholstery stain removal may sound simple, but somehow complicated. How you remove stains will depend upon the type of fabric. This guide will help you resolve upholstery stains. But be cautious because it doesn’t return once the colour disappears. For Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service experts, please call us at 0800 783-266 or email us. Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland has experienced stain removal professionals working with all fabrics. Including silks and the most delicate of textiles. A certified IICRC for upholstery and fabric cleaning technician who follows the National Carpet Cleaners Association standards . Aside from that, our technicians will evaluate the spot or stain and determine the proper treatment to remove it while avoiding any damage to the fabric. Each procedure or application involves proven chemistry, which may impact your efforts to treat the stain in West Auckland, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. Have spots and stains? Call us today or fill out the instant booking form for the Steam ‘n’ Dry stain removal services . We’ll be happy to answer any questions that you might have about your cleaning project. Upholstery Stain Removal Guide Blood Use the rinse blot rinse technique with salt and water. Mix 2 tbsp of table salt with 1 cup of water. With sturdy stains, apply water-diluted hydrogen peroxide to the carpet upholstery stains. Butter Apply dry solvent (commercially prepared for greasy stains) to a clean cloth and blot the spot. Use a mixture of 1 Tbsp detergent with 1 cup of water to finish off the paint. Then, wash off the solvent and mix it with a damp cloth. Do not rub. Just blot everything out. Red Wine Stain, Coffee Stain, Pet Odour, and Stain Removal Remove spots and spills as soon as possible to prevent permanent damage to the textile. More damage can often occur by removing the stain yourself. Unfortunately, this can make Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland experienced stain removal professionals’ jobs harder, as the dye may be impossible to remove altogether. For most stains, Steam ‘n’ Dry Stain Removal Auckland Service professionals recommend immediately scooping up as much of the spill as possible using a cloth towel. Juice or Mustard (And Other Organic Dyes) Use the rinse and blot-rinse method on the stained area with a vinegar-to-water mixture (1:3 ratio – 1 Tb) Cheese Wet a soft cloth with a mixture of mild detergent and warm water. Then, blot the area of the stains. Also, blot the spot again with the ammonia-water solution—mix 1 Tbsp ammonia with ½ cup water. To rinse more, blot with clean water using a clean cloth. Dry the spot thoroughly. Red Wine Try to act fast. Blot out the spilled wine with an absorbent cloth. Blot/dash/spray a mixture of soap detergent on persistent stains. Hydrogen peroxide on the stained area (2:2 ratio). Note: hydrogen peroxide is a reducer that can cause fading, so use it carefully, therefore, sparingly. Ink Spray hairspray solution on the spot. Also, use the rinse blot to wash off. Whether pets, wine, food, water, ground-in dirt, or other substances that resulted in spots and stains. Steam n Dry Upholstery Cleaners Auckland’s experienced stain removal professionals can remove them – but avoid disturbing or changing the chemistry of the areas with stain remover products. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry’s proper cleaning methods will help to ensure your satisfaction! Fabric stain protectant is always available. Upholstery Stain Removal In Leather Cleaning Upholstery leathers are prone to fading when exposed to direct sunlight and heat. Try to arrange the furniture away from the windows whenever possible. Regular dusting and vacuuming are the only care upholstery leathers need because they are preserved permanently during tanning. Wipe up stain spills at once with lukewarm water using the rinse-blot technique. Clean off moisture with an absorbent cloth. Use a mild detergent and less than 80 °C hot water to remove stains. Rinse and blot with clean water. Also, wipe stains with a clean cloth thoroughly. Upholstery Viral & Bacterial Disinfection Truck-mounted hot steam cleaners kill and remove viruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and other pathogens from interior car upholstery. Steam ‘n’ Dry truck-mounted upholstery cleaners not only use 85 °C Hot Steam at the fabric point of contact. We also offer additional options with EPA-approved ingredients for eliminating coronavirus issues. For the professionals at Auckland Steam n Dry Carpet Cleaning Services, call 0800 110 282 or email us . This information is meant to assist with stain removal. However, we recommend leaving the stain problem to the experts—no liability except for DIY attempts. Updated Last: 29 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Carpet Cleaning Tips – How To Get Blood Out Of Carpet Shaving Cream Car Upholstery Cleaning →