Furniture Upholstery Care And Couch Cleaning Service These upholstery cleaning tips from Graeme Stephens, an IIC RC 2001 Master Restoration Technician, with over 36 years of experience in upholstery cleaning services throughout Auckland, to help you with the best upholstery care. Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service technicians use specially designed equipment to clean your upholstery effectively—and expert training in IICRC Upholstery and Fabric Cleaning . Using non-toxic cleaning solutions, we will help remove dirt, dust mites, germs, and other allergens that build up in your furniture, causing allergies and odours in your home. Upholstery cleaning can help keep the fabric in your home or business looking fresh and new. Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland knows the best way to keep your upholstery looking its best throughout West Auckland, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast: expert mattress, couch cleaning, and dust mite control. For the professionals at Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland For services, call 0800 110 282 or email us . Our professional technicians have equipment that cleans virtually every type of upholstery, including Microfiber, Jacquard, and Velvet. Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland is an expert at cleaning leather. Before beginning any upholstery cleaning, pyrotechnicians inspect each piece of furniture to create a custom cleaning plan. Once a proper furniture cleaning method is determined based on the make and material, Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service employs trained technicians to remove stains, restore colour, and revive your upholstery. Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service offers deodoriser services and Teflon fabric stain protection. Many of us are familiar with that feeling of falling head over heels for a piece of furniture. Most of all, because of how that furniture looks. Of course, Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service gets it when we walk into a room and see it. If you want your favourite furniture pieces to keep their good looks over the long term, you need to get proper upholstery care and treatment. Steam Cleaning Upholstery Sand, dirt, and other debris often can only be seen in a few spots, including rugs and furniture. Steam ‘n’ Dry Auckland Service has a time-tested process to get your upholstery, area rugs, and Oriental rugs clean and fresh-smelling and keep them that way longer. Dust can settle into your upholstery as it ends on tables, draperies, and other furnishings. Vacuuming is often insufficient to remove the dirt and dust from your home’s drapes, curtains, chairs, couches, or other fabrics. That is where Auckland’s professional upholstery cleaning services come in. Any furniture with loose cushions deserves to have those cushions flipped and rotated periodically. Rotation can dramatically extend the life of the table’s nature because wear and tear will wear evenly, and cushions won’t develop indentations. Fluffing will help keep those cushions looking good and should be part of your regular upholstery care. Try to keep your furniture out of direct sunlight to avoid fabric fading. Silks are particularly sensitive to the sun. If upholstered furniture does receive direct sunlight, consider slipcovers as a part of your upholstery care tips strategy. Also, remember that airborne pollutants can easily damage fabric, like smoke. Even fumes from cooking can be harmful. Indeed, proper ventilation can help provide good upholstery care since it’s not easy to avoid cooking fumes. Upholstery Care Stain Protection Set up rules to prevent stains from happening. Do not allow anyone to eat on the couch, in love seats, or in chairs. Also, choose dining room chairs with removable, machine-washable covers if your chairs have fabric seat cushions. Keep those shoes off the couch. In some families, it’s a tradition to take shoes off in the foyer to prevent the tracking of dirt. If there are pieces that you are particularly fond of, it’s best to keep pets out of the room entirely rather than try to train them to stay away from specific furniture. Only some people realise how much of a difference a fabric protector can make. If stain-guarding is an option, it’s usually worth it. Stain removal can be as easy as blotting it when your furniture is protected. Regardless of whether you have a scotch table, it’s best to act quickly. Blot up the liquid as viable as you can with a clean towel. Never rub the fabric as part of your upholstery because this can cause more damage. Use a spot cleaner meant explicitly for upholstery. Make sure that you first read all of the manufacturer’s instructions. Furthermore, test the product in an inconspicuous area to ensure it does not damage your fabric. Use a soft brush to gently work the cleaner into the fibres in a circular motion. Then, vacuum when it’s dry. Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Services Everyone has a favourite spot in the home to relax. Let Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Services clean that favourite chair or the spot on the sofa where your family loves to unwind at the end of a long day. We know how much you care about your beautiful furniture and upholstery, and we want to help you rest your head on a clean and comfortable surface. Our professional technicians excel in fabric care techniques. So whether your favourite cover is cotton, silk, microfiber, suede, or leather, we will leave your upholstery allergen-free and looking new! Steam n Dry Upholstery Care Auckland Service Uses Our Certified Experts. Assess the suitable detergents and cleaning process to ensure each fabric and textile is cleaned. We use a clean, soft water rinse that leaves upholstery and rugs residue-free. The protective coating is available in material, with a flexible version to make furniture less vulnerable to stains caused by kids, pets, and food and protect your lucky spot couch. Does someone in your house suffer from allergies or asthma? Dust particles that settle on upholstery often carry dust mites, exacerbating symptoms. Even if you do not suffer from these ailments, you certainly do not breathe in all this dirt and dust. With good routine upholstery care, we keep fabrics looking brand new. Steam ‘n’ Dry professional technicians come into your home to clean your upholstered furniture. For upholstery cleaning, call 0800 783-266 or email us . Upholstery Virus & Bacteria Disinfecting Powerful Truck-Mounted Hot Steam Cleaners kill and remove viruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and other pathogens from interior car upholstery if the steam is over 70 °C . For more peace of mind, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Truck-Mounted Cleaners use 85 °C hot steam at the interior car upholstery point of contact. Also, the products we use are FDA-approved and can kill 99.99% of COVID-19 and other viruses. Mattress Antiviral Disinfecting Sanitise to Kill 99.99% of Viruses &Bacteria Pre-spraying your mattress bed with an FDA-approved antiviral disinfectant sanitiser. Before performing Hot Water Extraction on your mattress beds, you need to eliminate the risk of SARS-COVID-19, other coronaviruses, bacteria, germs, bed bugs, dust mites, and other pathogens. After 15 minutes of waiting, the disinfectant has eliminated 99.99% of all germs in your mattress bed, including viruses such as coronavirus and Hepatitis B. Our specialists then utilise Hot Water Extraction to sanitise your mattresses thoroughly. Updated Last: 27 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Upholstery Cleaning Tips Buying Carpet Tips →