Auckland Upholstery Cleaning FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Answered Our IIRC Certified Master Restoration Technician, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry CEO Graeme Stephens, wrote this upholstery cleaning guide . With over 36 years of mattress cleaning experience, he has encountered every type of upholstery fabric. Furthermore, upholstery cleaning FAQs help you make an informed decision for your next mattress cleaning and dust mite control in West Auckland, North Shore, East, South Auckland, and Hibiscus Coast. We understand our customers seek answers to their upholstery problems before hiring a cleaning service provider. Here at Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaners, we compiled these upholstery cleaning FAQs to guide and help you understand before you call us for service. For Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Service and more upholstery cleaning FAQs and answers, call 0800 110 282 or email us . Question: Does your upholstery cleaning include disinfecting and sanitising? This is one of the most common upholstery cleaning FAQs, and the answer is yes. Capable Truck-mounted hot steam cleaning kills and removes viruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and other pathogens from interior car upholstery. Steam ‘n’ Dry’s truck-mounted cleaning units utilise 85°C hot steam at the point of contact. Additionally, we employ FDA-approved technology to eliminate 99.99% of COVID-19 pathogens, ensuring a thorough cleaning process without needing alternative options. Pre-spraying your mattress with FDA-approved antiviral disinfecting ingredients before performing Hot Water Extraction on your mattress beds to eliminate risks from Sars COVID-19 coronavirus, bacteria, germs, bed bugs, dust mites, and other pathogens. After 15 minutes of waiting, the disinfectant has eliminated 99.99% of all germs in your mattress bed, including viruses such as Coronaviruses like SARS and Hepatitis B. Our specialists then perform a Hot Water Extraction cleaning service to sanitise your mattresses thoroughly. Question: Do you clean my furniture at my residence, or does it have to be taken and cleaned off-site? In most cases, we can obtain excellent results for cleaning the furniture in your home. Most of our upholstery cleaning customers find this the most convenient option. Suppose you wish for Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry to pick up and return items after cleaning. Please note there are extra pick-up and delivery fees for this service. Question: Can you do upholstery stain removal on my fabric? Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland specialise in upholstery stain removal. Our cleaners have the technical expertise, knowledge, and experience to do so. They are also equipped with reliable cleaning solutions that help them do away with stains easily—getting a colour? Call us right away. Question: How is Upholstery Cleaning different from Carpet Cleaning? There are significant differences in how carpets and furnishings are cleaned. It is essential not to use excess water for upholstery fabric, as this can cause bacteria or mould to grow, bring out unpleasant odours, and cause the fabric to become soiled more quickly in the future. Depending on the particular type of material, too much water in the cleaning process may damage it. Upholstery generally requires gentler handling and specific cleaning methods according to the fabric. Question: Do you clean Inside Car Upholstery? How about  Viral & Bacterial Disinfecting? Car upholstery cleaning is what Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry first provided in 1987, so over 36 years of experience in car upholstery cleaning service Auckland-wide. We specialised in cleaning the interiors of imported Japanese cars in the 1980s, often blackened with pollution soot. Hence, the vehicles needed a deep-down restorative car upholstery cleaning. Truck-mounted hot steam cleaning units kill and remove viruses, bacteria, germs, dust mites, and other pathogens from upholstery, mattresses, inside a car, curtains, and couch furniture. Question: Is stain and fabric protection available after the upholstery cleaning services? Fabric protection makes your upholstery, mattress, inside a car, curtains, and couch furniture fabrics long-lasting by creating a protective shield against stains and dirt buildup. However, Fabric Stain Protection Services is a new price in the upholstery cleaning service. The Teflon fabric protector is applied to customers’ requests for additional charges. Question: How long does it take to dry after it is cleaned ? Steam ‘n’ Dry low moisture upholstery cleaning tool usually provides short drying times. Within 2-3 hours, depending on overall soiling, fabric composition, and design. Upholstery, mattresses, inside a car, curtains, and couch furniture fibres made from natural sources take the longest to dry because they are more absorbent. These include cotton, rayon, and wool. Question: What kind of couch fabrics can you clean? Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service has trained and certified cleaners to clean upholstery, mattresses, inside a car, curtains, and couch furniture fabrics. Be it expensive or cheap, lightweight or heavy. We are ready to handle every fabric with the utmost care, from synthetic materials, silk, acetate fabric, vinyl, wool, velvet, microfiber, and suede to leather. We know a single cleaning solution/method can work wonders for all materials, so we use unique processes and cleaning agents for different fabrics. With Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Services, your upholstery is in good hands. Question: My upholstery is of an unknown material. Can you guarantee that your cleaning process is going to protect it? Our technicians are highly trained and experienced. They also test the cleaning solution on the upholstery part that is not visible. Ensure that there is no adverse reaction from your upholstered furniture. Question: Can you do an emergency furniture cleaning? You do not need to pre-book an upholstery cleaning service in Auckland. We will gladly send you Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service technicians immediately. Question: What type of experience and training do you have? Are you insured? Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaners Auckland is certified by the Institute of Inspection, Cleaning, and Restoration Certification (IICRC) or ASD . Our professional technicians have received extensive training in identifying, handling, and treating various fabrics and different types of construction. Removing stains on your own may result in discolouration or even tearing the delicate fabric. Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaners knows how to take great care of your furniture to return it to like-new condition. All our upholstery cleaners are insured. You can be sure of your safety with us. Question: Are any chemical residues left in the upholstery after cleaning? The answer is No. Our steam extraction removes chemical residues from previous cleaners using smaller-performance vacuum machines. It is perfectly safe, even for tiny babies . Question: How long will it take my upholstery to dry? The standard dry time is between 6 to 12 hours, depending on which cleaning method we use on your upholstery. The drying time can vary when Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaners Auckland use a protector application. But we will try to clean your sofa and couches ASAP. Question: Is Steam n Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service safe for fabrics labelled as dry cleaning only? Our Professional Technicians will check that your upholstery is not sensitive to water, detergent or any other cleaning product. They consider safe products and cost-effective for your mattress, inside a car, curtains, couch, furniture fabrics, and upholstery. Question: Can you get rid of pet odours from the upholstery? Yes! Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry has a well-proven method for removing pet odour and urine stains. Absolutely! As with our carpet cleaning, we’ll thoroughly clean your upholstery so it’s clean and fresh. Our experts know how to care for unique materials such as leather. For homes with children or pets, regular professional upholstery cleaning services are recommended. There may be much pet fur and dander in the fabrics that can cause allergic reactions, and children (and pets) may unknowingly transfer moulds and other toxins from the outdoors, which could also pose health risks. Question: Can your technicians advise cleaning some spots, like tomato juice, ink, or lipstick? Our technicians are highly trained in furniture cleaning . So, we are happy to give you tips on upholstery and stain removal between two professional cleaning visits. These tips are available on the Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service website. Question: What kind of chemicals do you use in your Upholstery Cleaning? Unlike other furniture cleaning companies, Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaners uses eco-friendly citrus cleaning solutions that are biodegradable and safe for human and animal members of your family. Question: Do you recommend fabric stain protectors? Once your furniture has been professionally cleaned, applying a fabric protector is the perfect time. As with your carpets, as your furniture starts to wear, it can become more susceptible to soiling and staining from spills, stains, etc. Question: How can I get a free couch cleaning quote? Get a free quote for a mattress, car, couch, and upholstery cleaning from Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service. All you have to do is give us a call. You can also fill out the form for our executives. We will be waiting to hear from you! Question: Why is it important to professionally clean the upholstery? Over time, dirt, dust, pet dander, and other potentially harmful toxins can get trapped in mattresses, car curtains, couch furniture, and upholstery fabric, which might lead to allergies and respiratory ailments. Children, older people, and pets might be especially susceptible to these substances. A professional fabric cleaning service is far more thorough than you can do alone. Not only will your furniture look and smell great — it will also be much healthier and far more enjoyable. Question: Can you clean all types of stains from my upholstery? Eradicating stains depends very much on the type of upholstery, mattress,  car curtains, couch and furniture fabrics, how old the colour is, what its nature is, and whether you have already tried to clean it with some products. Question: What kind of furniture fabrics do you clean? At Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service, we have expertise in cleaning all kinds of upholstery, mattresses, curtains, couch furniture, and car fabrics for Auckland’s valuable customers. We can clean silk, microfiber, leather, cotton, nylon, velvet, synthetic, and any other variety. Upholstery cleaning is Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry service forte, and we make sure that no upholstery remains unclean or dirty as long as we are there to clean it up. Question: Do I need professional Upholstery Cleaning? Yes, everybody needs professional upholstery cleaning. Most people think using a damp cloth to clean upholstery daily is enough to keep it clean. Unfortunately, this is not the case; regular usage of your upholstery, such as chairs, sofas, tables, and lounges, is bound to get dirty and attract dust mites. Upholstery is also conducive to the growth of bacteria, yeast, and other contaminants that are incredibly harmful to your family and pets. Therefore, the best way is to hire a professional to clean upholstery thoroughly and keep it hygienic and safe! Question: Does Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service offer leather cleaning? Yes! Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Service has offered leather cleaning for over 36 years. Indeed, we have perfected the art. Our technicians will identify your leather and use our one-of-a-kind leather cleaning methods to make your leather furniture look great again. Whether you have suede, faux suede, finished, unfinished, soft, or nubuck, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry service can get your leather cleaned and usually right in your home! Question:  How can I make my upholstery stay clean longer? Suppose you have children or pets that like to jump on the upholstery and use slipcovers or a throw to protect the fabrics. Do not let children climb on your sofa in their shoes. It is also essential to regularly dust upholstery, bed mattresses, car interiors, curtains, and couch furniture fabrics, preventing dust, sand, and dirt. Question: Can you clean pet vomit from the couch? Yes, our expert cleaners are trained to remove pet vomit from fabric. We will eliminate the stain and odour and sanitise your couch correctly to make it hygienic for use again. Question: Why is professional upholstery cleaning better than I can do with commercially available products? Our experienced technicians know the right product for each type of upholstery. Our cleaning method is deep and thorough, leaving your upholstery clean, disinfected, and without chemical residue. Question: What is the furniture cleaning cost and payment method? You can avail yourself of couch cleaning services from Steam ‘n’ Dry Upholstery Cleaning Auckland Services at a very affordable price. We boast world-class upholstery cleaning services. Therefore, we offer same-day upholstery cleaning services at an unbeatable price. We understand that cleaning upholstery, mattresses, furniture, and sofas is not a luxury expense. Thus, it should be easy on your pocket. Additionally, we do not take any advance payment. Thus, your satisfaction makes our cleaners accept the service charge. Question: How often should I have my furniture professionally cleaned? Professional upholstery cleaning once a year prolongs the life span of your upholstery and ensures that it looks as new as possible. It is our job to protect your investment. For upholstery cleaning, FAQs call 0800 783-266 or email us . Question: What services does Auckland Steam n Dry Offer? At Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry, you’ll find a broad spectrum of services, such as restoration and repair. We also provide on-site upholstery, mattress, and furniture couch cleaning service, so you don’t have to move heavy equipment to have it cleaned and wait for an appointment to pick it up again. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry will immediately clean your furniture so it looks beautiful and all within your schedule. Additionally, for more upholstery cleaning FAQs you have in mind, do not hesitate to email or call us. Updated Last: 29 July 2025 . By GRAEME STEPHENS. (IICRC Master Technician) ← Carpet Cleaner Methods Carpet Cleaning Tips – How To Get Blood Out Of Carpet Shaving Cream →