Book a Carpet Cleaning Service In New Lynn, West Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: west-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 837-4545 New Lynn, West Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: New Lynn, West Auckland Manager – Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make a fast online booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaning In New Lynn, West Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry truck-mounted hot steam extraction methods are the best for deep carpet cleaning. Therefore, New Lynn West Auckland Service steam cleaning is economical due to its high productivity. Thus, we work with high carpet cleaning standards, which are recommended by most Carpet and Rug Institute carpet manufacturers as the most effective cleaning method. The Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleaning Service in New Lynn West Auckland is a trusted and reliable company. Specifically, we will perform pre-vacuuming and pre-conditioning and provide spot treatments to ensure your carpet regains its original pristine condition. We provide stain removal services for various stains, including chocolate, tea, coffee, body fluids, and old bubble gum. Of course, hiring professionals like Steam ‘n’ Dry carpet cleaners saves you from this hassle. Contact us at 09 837-4545 . Additionally, we offer flood repairs, pest control, sanitisation, upholstery and carpet cleaning. Indeed, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Services in New Lynn, West Auckland, provides fast, efficient and safe commercial decontamination services. It enhances the health and safety of staff and clients, improves the overall mood and morale in the office, and provides an excellent positive impression on client visitors. Also, the New Lynn Carpet Cleaner team understands the need for a clean office workspace and knows that cleaning a commercial property is a huge responsibility. Our utmost goal is that our client receives the best service. Updated Last: 08 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens ← Contact Us Mt Roskill, Auckland Contact Us Point Chevalier Auckland →