Book At Mt Albert, Carpet Cleaning West Auckland General Enquiries: Email Us: west-auckland@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 837-4545 Mt Albert, West Auckland Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Contacts: Mt Albert, West Auckland Manager – Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz General Manager – Rose Stephens rose@steam-n-dry.co.nz Director – Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Make An Instant Online Booking- GET A QUOTE NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . Carpet Cleaning In Mt Albert, West Auckland Carpet Cleaning in Mt Albert West Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Service employs a dual steam cleaning method to revitalise and purify carpets, eliminating pet odours and stains. Therefore, detergents are added to the water when the carpet is filthy. Hence, the dirt sticks to the mat, and the moisture dilutes the ground, which is easier to remove. This comprehensive approach includes regular Steam Carpet and Dry Cleaning with less severe soiling. In addition, Steam ‘n’ Dry Cleaners provides thorough steam cleaning by heating the water in a container to a boiling point, transforming it into powerful steam. Additionally, Mt. Albert Carpet Cleanings uses superior truck mount machines for carpet cleaning, flood restoration and upholstery cleaning services. Therefore, we work with high Carpet Cleaning Industry Standards . Thus, Steam n Dry Cleaners specialises in tools and expertise for all types of upholstered furniture. For residential and commercial properties, Mt. Albert Carpet Cleanings by Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry is the best choice! Our professional technicians are skilled, honest and reliable. Check our 5-star reviews! For remarkable carpet and upholstery cleaning services, contact us today at 09 837-4545 . Updated Last: 11 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Us Massey, West Auckland Contact Us Mt Roskill, Auckland →