Contact Us in Waitakere City, West Auckland Make A Booking NAME: * CONTACT #: EMAIL: * AREA CODE WORK REQUIREMENTS: * Agree to policies By selecting this, you agree to our Terms & Conditions . General Enquiries Email Us: info@steam-n-dry.co.nz Phone Us: 09 837 4545 Mail Us: P.O Box 21087, Auckland, New Zealand Headquarters: 12 Culperry Road, Auckland, New Zealand Specific Contacts Manager: Mary Stephens mary@steam-n-dry.co.nz 021 271 5454 Managing Director: Graeme Stephens graemes@steam-n-dry.co.nz Carpet Cleanings in Waitakere City, West Auckland Waitakere City, West Auckland Carpet Cleanings Service – “Passionate About Our Work, Delighted by Your Satisfaction.” Therefore, we conduct exceptional carpet cleaning services in Waitakere City, West Auckland. Our cutting-edge 84°C Hot Steam technology eliminates viruses, allergens, germs, dust mites, and mould. Skilled professionals trained to meet the highest international standards of the IICRC carry out Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry carpet cleanings. Feel free to contact us without hesitation at 09 489 7784 for Waitakere City, West Auckland’s finest carpet cleaning experience. Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry Carpet Cleanings is a trustworthy, reliable, certified professional. Indeed, we specialise in all aspects of floor cleaning, including carpet, tile & grout and much more. Undoubtedly, carpets are significant long-term investments. However, regular vacuuming may remove the dust and dirt from carpet surfaces. And it’s not enough to eliminate the deeper-lying allergens and dust mites or the tough carpet stains caused by foot traffic and spills. Therefore, our superior truck-mount units use 84°C hot steam, safely killing viruses, allergens, germs, dust mites and moulds. ​ In addition, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry helps to extend the lifespan of carpets by thoroughly cleaning them with the highest quality techniques and equipment, leaving carpets fresh and clean in appearance. Moreover, Auckland Steam ‘n’ Dry-friendly, punctual and skilled technicians will rejuvenate your carpets to their former glory! Revive the vibrant colours of your carpet and bring back its original beauty with the expertise of our professional team. Above all, we also offer services like flood repairs, stain removal, sanitisation, upholstery and carpet cleaning throughout West Auckland. Updated Last: 10 July 2025 By Graeme Stephens. ← Contact Titirangi, West Auckland Contact Us West Harbour, North-West →